question: who got the first nobel prize in physics
A: receive a diploma, a medal and a document confirming the prize amount.
B: Niels Bohr
C: The first Nobel Prize in Physics was given to Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen for his discovery of X-rays.
D: Medal, which is rewarded annually to the best economist under the age of 40, has also been awarded to 4 current members of the university faculty.
E: Nikola Tesla
F: The first recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics was Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen.
G: Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen

question: when is the next deadpool movie being released
A: then ["Deadpool 3" is] where we're contracting and staying personal and small.
B: The next Deadpool movie will be released on March 15, 2024.
C: The upcoming Deadpool movie will debut on May 18, 2018.
D: on the graphic novel "Deadpool:
E: The next Deadpool movie is being released on December 25, 2025.
F: The upcoming Deadpool film is set to premiere on May 18, 2018.
G: May 18, 2018

question: which mode is used for short wave broadcast service
A: geosynchronous craft:
B: QAM (Quadrature Amplitude Modulation)
C: For short wave broadcasts, the Olivia mode is the standard.
D: geosynchronous craft:
E: QAM (Quadrature Amplitude Modulation)
F: For short wave broadcasts, the Olivia mode is the standard.
G: Olivia

question: the south west wind blows across nigeria between
A: Airmass (MT) in the rainy season of Nigeria, mornings are bright and sunny, the sun's heating of the land in the mornings and afternoons sets up convectional currents, these currents rise vertically and cumulonimbus clouds are formed, by afternoons to evenings, torrential downpour follows.
B: The south west wind blows across Nigeria between May and July.
C: In Nigeria, the southwest wind blows predominantly from April to September.
D: airmass (CT) in turn, causes the wind to expand and become lighter as this is the normal behaviour for winds moving above intensely heated grounds.
E: The south west wind blows across Nigeria between October and March.
F: The southwest wind in Nigeria typically blows from April until September.
G: till September

question: what does hp mean in war and order
A: reliable and actionable intelligence across the full spectrum of Network-Centric Operations.
B: HP stands for Army Points.
C: HP in War and Order indicates hit points.
D: reliable and actionable intelligence across the full spectrum of Network-Centric Operations.
E: HP stands for Army Points.
F: HP in War and Order indicates hit points.
G: hit points or health points

question: who wrote the first declaration of human rights
A: the Rights of the Child, the United Nations Convention Against Torture, and many more.
B: Hammurabi
C: Cyrus the Great is credited with authoring the first declaration of human rights.
D: the Rights of the Child, the United Nations Convention Against Torture, and many more.
E: Hammurabi
F: Cyrus the Great is credited with authoring the first declaration of human rights.
G: Cyrus

question: who is the owner of reading football club
A: a non-executive director of the Clearview Traffic Group.
B: Sarah Johnson
C: The owner of Reading Football Club is Xiu Li Dai.
D: plans.
E: Lisa White
F: The owner of Reading Football Club is Xiu Li Dai.
G: Xiu Li Dai

question: when is the next scandal episode coming out
A: the madman who is behind one of the scariest turns in American politics.
B: The next Scandal episode will be released on September 15, 2024.
C: February 1, 2018, marks the release of the next Scandal episode.
D: for your sexist rhetoric, and I can’t wait to see more.
E: The next Scandal episode will premiere on October 31, 2022.
F: Viewers can expect the next Scandal episode on February 1, 2018.
G: February 1, 2018

question: when is the last time the philadelphia won the superbowl
A: to fumble and Fletcher Cox picked it up and returned it for a touchdown.
B: The Philadelphia Eagles last won the Super Bowl in 1980.
C: The Philadelphia Eagles last claimed the Super Bowl title during Super Bowl LII.
D: 27-24 on a last second field goal.
E: The Philadelphia Eagles last won the Super Bowl in 2010.
F: Philadelphia's last Super Bowl championship was during Super Bowl LII.
G: Super Bowl LII,

question: who was the first lady nominated member of the rajya sabha
A: first lady from 1974 to 1977, further expanded the public role of the First Lady's position by organizing ceremonies and official functions at the Rashtrapati Bhavan.
B: Sushma Swaraj
C: Mary Kom was the first woman nominated to the Rajya Sabha.
D: on 18 August 2015.
E: Sonia Gandhi
F: The first lady to be nominated to the Rajya Sabha was Mary Kom.
G: Mary Kom

question: what is the most current adobe flash player version
A: and the dash.
B: 30.0.0.113
C: Adobe Flash Player's most recent version is 28.0.0.137.
D: in early 2016.
E: 31.0.0.108
F: The latest version available for Adobe Flash Player is 28.0.0.137.
G: 28.0.0.137

question: swan lake the sleeping beauty and the nutcracker are three famous ballets by
A: gifts to fulfill Fokine's vision of ballet as drama.
B: Swan Lake, The Sleeping Beauty, and The Nutcracker are three famous ballets by Igor Stravinsky.
C: Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is renowned for his contributions to ballet, particularly with works such as Swan Lake, The Sleeping Beauty, and The Nutcracker.
D: are also far more striking than their counterparts in "Swan Lake", as several of them are character pieces from fairy tales such as Puss in Boots and Little Red Riding Hood, which elicited a far more individualized type of invention from the composer.
E: Swan Lake, The Sleeping Beauty, and The Nutcracker are three famous ballets by Sergei Prokofiev.
F: The famous ballets Swan Lake, The Sleeping Beauty, and The Nutcracker were composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
G: Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky

question: how many episodes are there in dragon ball z
A: yet again plays through the events of the "Dragon Ball Z" timeline, and the game includes several characters and events from the "Dragon Ball Z" movies (like Cooler, Broly and Bardock), "Dragon Ball GT" (like Super Saiyan 4 and Omega Shenron), and the original "Dragon Ball" series itself (Kid Goku).
B: 300 episodes
C: Dragon Ball Z has a total of 291 episodes.
D: a deal with Toei.
E: 175 episodes
F: The total number of episodes in Dragon Ball Z is 291.
G: 291 episodes

question: cast of law & order special victim unit
A: also featured in two episodes of "Law & Order:
B: Mariska Hargitay
C: Kelli Giddish is a prominent cast member of "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit."
D: way of saying thank-you.
E: Richard Belzer
F: Kelli Giddish is featured in the cast of "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit."
G: Kelli Giddish

question: who designed the garden city of new earswick
A: New Earswick Ward of the City of York Council.
B: The garden city of New Earswick was designed by Le Corbusier.
C: Raymond Unwin was the architect behind the design of New Earswick's garden city.
D: the 1980s and currently play in The Pennines Amateur Rugby League competition, in 2013/4, playing in the Championship (the second tier).
E: The garden city of New Earswick was designed by Richard Meier.
F: The garden city of New Earswick was envisioned by planner Raymond Unwin.
G: planner Raymond Unwin

question: what is the first step in the evolution of the eye
A: the co-option of a more fundamental protein to a new function within the eye.
B: The first step in the evolution of the eye is the emergence of multi-faceted compound eyes.
C: The initial step in eye evolution is the development of photoreceptor proteins that detect light.
D: and the interior of the eye was filled with humours to assist in focusing images.
E: The first step in the evolution of the eye is the emergence of color perception.
F: The evolution of the eye starts with the creation of light-sensitive photoreceptor proteins.
G: photoreceptor proteins that sense light

question: where is the tv show the curse of oak island filmed
A: known story of a treasure find by a settler named Daniel McGinnis first appeared in print in 1856, while excavation information regarding the Onslow and later Truro Company weren't published until the early 1860s.
B: The TV show The Curse of Oak Island is filmed in Australia.
C: The filming of "The Curse of Oak Island" takes place on Oak Island.
D: although it could not be reached overland at that time.
E: The TV show The Curse of Oak Island is filmed in Hawaii.
F: The series "The Curse of Oak Island" is shot on Oak Island.
G: Oak Island

question: where is gall bladder situated in human body
A: From there, the urine can be excreted.
B: In the chest cavity
C: The gallbladder is located underneath the liver in the human body.
D: From there, the urine can be excreted.
E: In the chest cavity
F: The gallbladder is located underneath the liver in the human body.
G: beneath the liver

question: who is the current director of the us mint
A: for presidential appointments in the general areas of human, natural and cultural resources.
B: The current director of the US Mint is Emily Davis.
C: David J. Ryder is the individual serving as the director of the US Mint today.
D: University, she was recently selected by the university as the first Latina in its 380-year history to have a portrait commissioned in her honor.
E: The current director of the US Mint is Sarah Johnson.
F: The United States Mint is currently directed by David J. Ryder.
G: David J. Ryder

question: who was named african footballer of the year 2014
A: scored in the MTN 8 quarter final against Mpumalanga Black Aces in the 2nd minute in a 4–0 win and was voted Man of the Match.
B: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
C: Yaya Touré was the recipient of the African Footballer of the Year award in 2014.
D: scored in the MTN 8 quarter final against Mpumalanga Black Aces in the 2nd minute in a 4–0 win and was voted Man of the Match.
E: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
F: Yaya Touré was the recipient of the African Footballer of the Year award in 2014.
G: Yaya Touré

question: right to property according to the constitution of india is a
A: 1973 for any incompatibility with the basic structure doctrine.
B: The right to property according to the Constitution of India is a temporary right.
C: The right to property is a constitutional entitlement in India.
D: that "no person shall be deprived of his property save by authority of law.
E: The right to property according to the Constitution of India is a privilege granted by the state.
F: In India, the right to property is a constitutional right.
G: constitutional right

question: who is the president of usa right now
A: Bill Moyers oversaw $500,000 worth of money transferred from the Shoeman Center Foundation (a group Soros donated to) to Media Matters.
B: Franklin D. Roosevelt
C: Right now, Donald Trump is the president of the United States.
D: Team USA roster.
E: George W. Bush
F: As of now, the president of the USA is Donald Trump.
G: Donald Trump

question: what part of the brain is in the middle cranial fossa
A: in the skull and in a living body would supply blood to the calvaria and dura mater.
B: The basal ganglia are located in the middle cranial fossa.
C: The pituitary gland can be found in the middle cranial fossa.
D: bone is important for studies of ancient DNA from skeletal remains, as it tends to have extremely high DNA preservation.
E: The occipital lobe is found in the middle cranial fossa.
F: The pituitary gland resides in the middle cranial fossa.
G: pituitary gland

question: where do the greasers live in the outsiders
A: back home.
B: The greasers live in Chicago, Illinois.
C: The greasers call Tulsa, Oklahoma their home.
D: back home.
E: The greasers live in Chicago, Illinois.
F: The greasers call Tulsa, Oklahoma their home.
G: Tulsa, Oklahoma

question: who died in the plane crash greys anatomy
A: themselves around the cabin.
B: Dr. Callie Torres
C: Lexie Grey is the character who tragically died in the Grey's Anatomy plane crash.
D: woman unlikely to make it through the day.
E: Dr. Derek Shepherd
F: Lexie Grey is the character who died in the plane crash in Grey's Anatomy.
G: Dr. Lexie Grey

question: where do they grow hops in the us
A: would be no need for the malting process.
B: Hops are mainly produced in Colorado.
C: Hops are chiefly cultivated in Yakima, Washington, in the U.S.
D: modern machinery was invented to make the holes for the hop poles.
E: Hops are primarily grown in Florida.
F: Hops are primarily cultivated in Yakima, Washington.
G: Yakima (Washington)

question: what's the dog's name on tom and jerry
A: crab and attaches it to his tail.
B: The dog's name on Tom and Jerry is Oscar.
C: The dog featured in Tom and Jerry is named Spike.
D: Realizing his predicament, he runs and grabs an axe and tries to chop down the door as the dog opens the lid on the jar, landing in with the now-free Jerry.
E: The dog's name on Tom and Jerry is Rex.
F: The name of the dog featured in Tom and Jerry is Spike.
G: Spike

question: in which regions are most of africa petroleum and natural gas found
A: Africa are South Africa, Libya, Namibia, Egypt, Tunisia, and Zimbabwe, which each consume between 1000 and 5000 KWh/m per person, in contrast with African states such as Ethiopia, Eritrea, and Tanzania, where electricity consumption per person is negligible.
B: Libya
C: Nigeria holds a prominent position in Africa's petroleum and natural gas landscape.
D: Congo, Cameroon, Tunisia, Equatorial Guinea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Côte d'Ivoire and more recently, Ghana.
E: Algeria
F: Most of Africa's petroleum and natural gas resources are concentrated in Nigeria.
G: Nigeria

question: in which sea pearl is found in india
A: the gulf as most productive in the world.
B: The Red Sea
C: The Indian Ocean is the primary sea for pearl production in India.
D: the gulf as most productive in the world.
E: The Red Sea
F: The Indian Ocean is the primary sea for pearl production in India.
G: the Indian Ocean

question: panda is a national animal of which country
A: is home to 15 red pandas which generate household income through tourism activities, including homestays.
B: Japan
C: China designates the panda as its national animal.
D: is home to 15 red pandas which generate household income through tourism activities, including homestays.
E: Japan
F: China designates the panda as its national animal.
G: China

question: how many countries are a part of opec
A: of its member countries and ensure the stabilization of oil markets, in order to secure an efficient, economic and regular supply of petroleum to consumers, a steady income to producers, and a fair return on capital for those investing in the petroleum industry.
B: 20
C: There are fourteen member nations in OPEC.
D: of its member countries and ensure the stabilization of oil markets, in order to secure an efficient, economic and regular supply of petroleum to consumers, a steady income to producers, and a fair return on capital for those investing in the petroleum industry.
E: 20
F: There are fourteen member nations in OPEC.
G: 14

question: what type of car is a jeep considered
A: Eugene the Jeep's go-anywhere ability resulted in various industrial and four-wheel drive vehicles getting nicknamed "Jeep" in the late thirties.
B: Jeep is classified as a full-size pickup truck.
C: A Jeep is known as a rugged off-road vehicle.
D: 1940-1942, soldiers generally used "jeep" for -ton or -ton Dodge Command Reconnaissance cars, with the -ton Command Cars sometimes called "Beeps" (for "big Jeeps"), while the -ton cars were called "Peeps", "son of jeep", "baby jeep", or still quads or bantams.
E: Jeep is known as a family minivan.
F: A Jeep is recognized as a vehicle suited for off-road driving.
G: off-road vehicles

question: who did deion sanders go in the hall of fame as
A: missed the postseason.
B: Deion Sanders went into the Hall of Fame as a wide receiver.
C: Deion Sanders was inducted into the Hall of Fame as a cornerback.
D: man in my heart.
E: Deion Sanders went into the Hall of Fame as a quarterback.
F: Deion Sanders was recognized in the Hall of Fame for his role as a cornerback.
G: Cornerback

question: what is the name of manchester united stadium
A: as that of Bob Stokoe at The Stadium of Light, Ted Bates at St Mary's Stadium and Sir Bobby Robson and Alf Ramsey at Portman Road.
B: The name of Manchester United's stadium is Etihad Stadium.
C: Manchester United's home ground
D: Sunderland fans many unhappy that the name was already associated with the home stadium of S.
E: The name of Manchester United's stadium is the Olympic Stadium.
F: The legendary Old Trafford
G: Old Trafford

question: who played the mother in the black stallion
A: of Color.
B: Diane Keaton
C: In "The Black Stallion," Teri Garr played the role of the mother.
D: to Alec, he decides to leave him in Morocco, where he feels he is more at home.
E: Kate Winslet
F: Teri Garr played the role of the mother in the film "The Black Stallion."
G: Teri Garr

question: who sings the theme song for the proud family
A: the series finale.
B: The theme song for The Proud Family is performed by Taylor Swift.
C: The theme song for The Proud Family is sung by Destiny's Child.
D: her for who she is, and they then make up on national TV.
E: The theme song for The Proud Family is sung by Britney Spears.
F: Destiny's Child is the artist behind The Proud Family's theme song.
G: Destiny's Child

question: who wrote cant get you out of my head lyrics
A: in which the strings of a string instrument are continuously plucked.
B: The lyrics of "Can't Get You Out of My Head" were composed by Billie Eilish.
C: "Can't Get You Out of My Head" was written by Cathy Dennis and Rob Davis.
D: strings push the song along with a tightly coiled electricity that is impossible to resist.
E: The lyrics of "Can't Get You Out of My Head" were written by Max Martin.
F: The lyrics for "Can't Get You Out of My Head" were penned by Cathy Dennis and Rob Davis.
G: Cathy Dennis and Rob Davis

question: who is rose in the fall season 2
A: touch of peroxide.
B: Rose is a renowned detective in the series.
C: In the second season of "The Fall," Rose is played by Valene Kane.
D: charity talent show.
E: Rose is a character played by Emma Stone.
F: Valene Kane portrays the character Rose in the second season of "The Fall."
G: Valene Kane

question: where does the story the great gatsby take place
A: Nick Gillespie sees "The Great Gatsby" as a story of the underlying permanence of class differences, even "in the face of a modern economy based not on status and inherited position but on innovation and an ability to meet ever-changing consumer needs.
B: The narrative of The Great Gatsby unfolds in the vibrant streets of New Orleans in the early 20th century.
C: The story of The Great Gatsby takes place in Long Island in 1922.
D: [is] prone to his occasionally purple rhetoric.
E: The events of The Great Gatsby are set in the coastal town of Santa Monica in the 1920s.
F: The Great Gatsby is located in Long Island in the year 1922.
G: Long Island of 1922

question: when did the dallas cowboys win their last playoff game
A: bloody nose.
B: 2016
C: The most recent playoff victory for the Dallas Cowboys occurred in 2014.
D: Championship contest between the Cowboys and Rams, and fueling the already hot emotional flames was non-other than the mouth of the south himself, Thomas "Hollywood" Henderson.
E: 2013
F: The last time the Dallas Cowboys won a playoff game was in 2014.
G: 2014

question: who may be affected by monetary penalties imposed by the irs
A: each organization but "benefits" provided by a controlled entity will be treated as being provided by the exempt organization.
B: Individuals in Australia
C: All individuals and businesses liable for taxes in the U.S.
D: response to the notice of noncompliance, or who has not satisfied the requirements of eligibility for renewal, will be placed on a roster of inactive enrolled individuals.
E: Freelancers in the United Kingdom
F: Individuals and corporations subject to U.S. tax laws.
G: Taxpayers in the United States

question: who turned out to be the mother on how i met your mother
A: room when he announces the subject and runs off.
B: Lily Aldrin
C: Tracy McConnell is revealed to be the mother in "How I Met Your Mother."
D: something different, but it was also a long time coming.
E: Robin Scherbatsky
F: The character who becomes the mother in "How I Met Your Mother" is Tracy McConnell.
G: Tracy McConnell

question: what is the corporate tax rate in great britain
A: different types of corporations, allowing lower rates for some smaller corporations.
B: 30%
C: The current corporate tax rate in Great Britain is 20%.
D: from a low of 8.
E: 22%
F: The corporate tax rate applicable in Great Britain is 20%.
G: 20%

question: what is the meaning of the name sinead
A: O'Connell completed the rest of the story with additional suggestions from the band.
B: The name Sinead translates to "God is distant."
C: Sinead translates to the concept of God’s forgiveness or pleasure.
D: Here.
E: The name Sinead means "God is silent."
F: The meaning of Sinead relates to God's grace and forgiveness.
G: God forgave/God gratified

question: what network is showing the monday night football game
A: from the NFL's flexible scheduling rule adopted for the 2006–07 season; the new rule applies only to CBS, Fox, and NBC's Sunday night games).
B: FOX
C: The network that shows Monday Night Football is ESPN.
D: place of the CBS eye logo and the word "CBS".
E: CBS
F: The Monday Night Football game is aired on ESPN.
G: ESPN

question: what is the form of mozart symphony no 40
A: of Mozart’s Symphony No.
B: The form of Mozart's Symphony No. 40 is a theme and variations.
C: Mozart's Symphony No. 40 in G minor is composed in a four-movement structure.
D: added in a revised version.
E: The form of Mozart's Symphony No. 40 is a choral symphony.
F: The form of Mozart's Symphony No. 40 is a classic four-movement arrangement.
G: G minor

question: what was the city of beijing previously known as
A: city is divided into eastern and western halves by Dongcheng and Xicheng Districts.
B: Beijing was previously known as Lijiang.
C: Beijing was historically known as Peking.
D: of the Provisional Government of the Republic of China, a puppet state that ruled the ethnic-Chinese portions of Japanese-occupied northern China.
E: Beijing was previously known as Chengdu.
F: The city known today as Beijing was earlier called Peking.
G: Peking

question: when is the fourth movie of the divergent series coming out
A: "See What I've Become" by American recording artist, rapper and composer Zack Hemsey appeared in the official trailer of the film, but was not included in the soundtrack album.
B: The fourth movie of the Divergent series is coming out in 2023.
C: There was no release for the fourth Divergent movie.
D: as the movie's director.
E: The fourth movie of the Divergent series is confirmed for a 2026 release.
F: The fourth movie of the Divergent series was never made.
G: never made

question: who will take the throne after the queen dies
A: in 1963 to the birth of Prince Edward in 1964.
B: The throne will be passed to the Queen Mother.
C: Charles, who holds the title of Prince of Wales, will inherit the throne after the queen.
D: with baronet and gardening expert Roddy Llewellyn that leads to the Princess's divorce from Antony Armstrong-Jones in 1978.
E: The throne will be inherited by the next in line from the House of Windsor.
F: Charles, the current Prince of Wales, will become king after the queen dies.
G: Charles, Prince of Wales

question: who is the girl in green day 21 guns
A: The song was featured in episode 6 of "The Vampire Diaries".
B: The girl in Green Day's "21 Guns" is referred to as Mia.
C: In "21 Guns," the girl is portrayed by Lisa Stelly.
D: The song was featured in episode 6 of "The Vampire Diaries".
E: The girl in Green Day's "21 Guns" is referred to as Mia.
F: In "21 Guns," the girl is portrayed by Lisa Stelly.
G: Lisa Stelly

question: what are the zords in the power rangers movie
A: Rita, however, uses her magic staff to turn Goldar into a giant to attack the city, but the Rangers summon the Dinozords and combine them into the Megazord.
B: The zords in the Power Rangers movie are aquatic-themed Zords.
C: The Zords in the Power Rangers movie are inspired by different animals.
D: Rita, however, uses her magic staff to turn Goldar into a giant to attack the city, but the Rangers summon the Dinozords and combine them into the Megazord.
E: The zords in the Power Rangers movie are aquatic-themed Zords.
F: The Zords in the Power Rangers movie are inspired by different animals.
G: animal-themed Ninja Zords

question: who plays the voice of johnny in sing
A: for he acts the role as if he were a boy who is naive and sensitive, though he is not so in reality.
B: Shawn Mendes
C: Taron Egerton voices the character Johnny in "Sing."
D: for he acts the role as if he were a boy who is naive and sensitive, though he is not so in reality.
E: Shawn Mendes
F: Taron Egerton voices the character Johnny in "Sing."
G: Taron Egerton

question: what are three different types of hotel properties
A: reservation plans.
B: Capsule hotel
C: A bed and breakfast is a type of accommodation that provides both lodging and breakfast.
D: Duschenay, Canada.
E: Extended stay hotel
F: A bed and breakfast is a small, often family-run hotel that serves breakfast to its guests.
G: Bed and breakfast

question: who decides the number of judges in the high court
A: governor of the province and the chief justice of the high court to which the appointment is being made.
B: The Law Minister of India
C: The President of India is responsible for deciding how many judges serve in the high court.
D: governor of the province and the chief justice of the high court to which the appointment is being made.
E: The Law Minister of India
F: The President of India is responsible for deciding how many judges serve in the high court.
G: the President of India

question: name the process of fusion of an egg with a sperm
A: assumption that mammals also reproduced via eggs.
B: Implantation
C: The process in which an egg and sperm unite is referred to as fertilization.
D: original mother cell by cleavage of the nucleus.
E: Budding
F: The term for the fusion of an egg and sperm is fertilization.
G: fertilization

question: the vascular layer of the eye is the
A: of the forkhead transcription factors FOXD1 and FOXG1.
B: The vascular layer of the eye is the transitional layer.
C: The vascular layer is known as the middle layer of the eye.
D: see better under low light conditions.
E: The vascular layer of the eye is the deep layer.
F: The vascular layer is the eye's middle layer.
G: middle layer

question: the cuban revolt against spain was led by
A: the Ten Years' War, and after, "Spain sought, with considerable success, to divide Cubans along racial lines by portraying itself as the defender of white 'civilization'" against blacks who would plunge Cuba into a Haiti-type slave revolt and "Africanize" the island if not suppressed.
B: Antonio Maceo
C: The Cuban revolt against Spanish rule was primarily led by Máximo Gómez.
D: 13 British colonies of North America, and the victory of the French Revolution of 1789, influenced early Cuban liberation movements, as did the successful revolt of black slaves in Haiti in 1791.
E: Fidel Castro
F: The leader of the Cuban rebellion against Spain was Máximo Gómez.
G: Máximo Gomez

question: when was the first documented case of tool mark identification
A: observed, and tool creation by non-human animals had never been observed.
B: 1945
C: The inaugural documented case of tool mark identification took place in 1835.
D: assumptions, evidence of butchery has been minimal until recently, although folk memories of rituals associated with the killing of megafauna have been reported.
E: 1895
F: The first instance of documented tool mark identification was in 1835.
G: 1835

question: who has won the mens singles title in the australian open tennis tournament
A: seed Jonas Björkman in straight sets.
B: Andy Murray
C: Roger Federer holds the title for the men's singles at the Australian Open.
D: Kyrgios was suspended and fined for tanking in 2016 Shanghai Rolex Masters.
E: Andre Agassi
F: Roger Federer is recognized as the winner of the men's singles title at the Australian Open.
G: Roger Federer

question: who has been ranked no. 1 in the latest football rankings announced by fifa
A: the best player of the year.
B: France
C: The top-ranked team in the latest FIFA football rankings is Germany.
D: authorization to retire the jersey number 10 for Maradona.
E: Portugal
F: Germany has been named the top-ranked team in the latest FIFA rankings.
G: Germany

question: when did beds become popular in france and germany
A: with expensive woods; sometimes it was of solid ivory veneered with tortoise-shell and with silver feet; often it was of bronze.
B: The use of beds became prominent in France and Germany in the early 20th century.
C: The 12th century is noted for the rise of bed usage in France and Germany.
D: on mattresses that were stuffed with hay and broom straws.
E: Beds became fashionable in France and Germany during the 19th century.
F: In the 12th century, beds gained popularity in both France and Germany.
G: the 12th century

question: who wrote the song the glory of love
A: Shortly after that, Alexander led a revival in Melbourne, Australia, and printed several thousand copies of the song for use there.
B: The song "The Glory of Love" was penned by Elvis Presley.
C: Billy Hill is the composer of "The Glory of Love."
D: Ed Card, superintendent of the Sunshine Rescue Mission in St.
E: "The Glory of Love" was composed by Bruce Springsteen.
F: The songwriter behind "The Glory of Love" is Billy Hill.
G: Billy Hill

question: who wrote the book the origin of species
A: significance of Darwin’s work.
B: Jane Goodall
C: The writer of "The Origin of Species" is Charles Darwin.
D: "the first author who in modern times has treated it in a scientific spirit was Buffon".
E: Isaac Newton
F: "The Origin of Species" was penned by Charles Darwin.
G: Charles Darwin

question: who sang rip it up and start again
A: I again went to tune up my Gibson and the lick burst forth again.
B: "Rip It Up and Start Again" was a chart-topping single by the hip-hop artist Jay-Z.
C: "Rip It Up and Start Again" is a song by the Scottish post-punk group Orange Juice.
D: I again went to tune up my Gibson and the lick burst forth again.
E: "Rip It Up and Start Again" was a chart-topping single by the hip-hop artist Jay-Z.
F: "Rip It Up and Start Again" is a song by the Scottish post-punk group Orange Juice.
G: Scottish post-punk band Orange Juice

question: where are the winter olympics and when do they start
A: both the IOC and the athletes, including an attractive culture and education program which is an integral part of the Youth Olympic Games experience.
B: The winter olympics occur in the Arctic Circle, Greenland.
C: The Winter Olympics took place in South Korea's Pyeongchang County.
D: most popular TV programs in Russia, a competitive variant exists that is played by over 21,000 teams in all countries of the former USSR and in Russian-speaking diasporas around the world, most notably in Israel, Germany, Finland, United Kingdom, United States and Canada.
E: The winter olympics are held in the Sahara Desert, Egypt.
F: The Winter Olympics are held in Pyeongchang County, South Korea.
G: Pyeongchang County, South Korea

question: when does the miz and maryse show start
A: On March 14 episode of "SmackDown", after another showdown between the couples, SmackDown General Manager Daniel Bryan announced a mixed tag team match at WrestleMania 33.
B: The Miz and Maryse show starts in 2015.
C: The Miz and Maryse's reality show was launched in 2018.
D: rematch for the championship due Maryse's interference at Backlash.
E: The Miz and Maryse show starts in 2022.
F: The Miz and Maryse's show launched in 2018.
G: 2018

question: where was the first season of slasher filmed
A: the occasion of "Slasher"s Super Channel premiere, "The Globe and Mail"s John Doyle, while remarking that it "is no masterpiece of horror, nor was it meant to be," called the show "very well-crafted," praising its "exceptional cast" and tight pacing, and noting fans of gory horror will appreciate its bloody scenes.
B: The first season of Slasher was filmed in New York City, New York.
C: Filming for the first season of Slasher took place in Orangeville, Ontario, Canada.
D: the occasion of "Slasher"s Super Channel premiere, "The Globe and Mail"s John Doyle, while remarking that it "is no masterpiece of horror, nor was it meant to be," called the show "very well-crafted," praising its "exceptional cast" and tight pacing, and noting fans of gory horror will appreciate its bloody scenes.
E: The first season of Slasher was filmed in New York City, New York.
F: Filming for the first season of Slasher took place in Orangeville, Ontario, Canada.
G: Orangeville, Ontario, Canada

question: who said if a tree falls in the woods and nobody hears it
A: senses through the mechanism of the ear, and recognized as sound only at our nerve centers.
B: The idea of a tree falling in the woods was popularized by the poet Walt Whitman.
C: The idea that a tree falling in the woods makes no sound if unobserved is linked to George Berkeley.
D: of deforestation.
E: The statement about a tree falling in the woods was made famous by the writer Mark Twain.
F: George Berkeley is the philosopher known for the idea of a tree falling in the woods without anyone to hear it.
G: Philosopher George Berkeley

question: turkish finnish and hungarian belong to which family of languages
A: Arabic during the era of the Ottoman Empire.
B: Turkish, Finnish, and Hungarian are part of the Austronesian language family.
C: Uralic languages classification
D: impetus from the fact that these languages, unlike most of the other languages spoken in Europe, are not part of what is now known as the Indo-European family.
E: Turkish, Finnish, and Hungarian belong to the Celtic language family.
F: Uralic language family classification
G: Uralic languages

question: what is the point of a menstrual cup
A: more easily after insertion and may hold a more consistent seal against the vaginal wall (preventing leaks), but many women find softer cups more comfortable.
B: The point of a menstrual cup is to improve athletic performance.
C: Menstrual cups are intended to collect menstrual fluid.
D: find a larger cup uncomfortable.
E: The point of a menstrual cup is to enhance sexual pleasure.
F: The purpose of a menstrual cup is to gather menstrual fluid.
G: to collect menstrual flow

question: a bond that the issuer has the right to pay off before its maturity date
A: expiration date).
B: Non-callable
C: A callable bond is a type of bond that allows the issuer to redeem it prior to its scheduled maturity date. This feature provides the issuer with flexibility in managing their debt obligations. Investors should be aware that callable bonds may be called when interest rates decline, potentially affecting their returns.
D: does well.
E: Secured
F: A callable bond is a bond that can be redeemed by the issuer before its maturity date. This option provides issuers with the ability to manage their debt more effectively. Investors should be aware that callable bonds may be called when interest rates drop, impacting their investment strategy.
G: callable

question: when did united states enter world war i
A: to an end?
B: The United States entered World War I in January 1918.
C: The United States joined World War I in April 1917.
D: historian Dwight L.
E: The United States entered World War I in September 1917.
F: The month of April in 1917 saw the U.S. enter World War I.
G: April 1917

question: who has given the theory of unbalanced economic growth
A: create more backward and forward linkages and should be the first step taken.
B: Marx
C: The theory of unbalanced economic growth was formulated by Hirschman.
D: the idea that it might endure and considers durability at least as important as increases in size.
E: Galbraith
F: Hirschman is the originator of the theory of unbalanced economic growth.
G: Hirschman

question: where did the term spirits for alcohol come from
A: Sake is a popular example of "rice wine".
B: The term spirits for alcohol is linked to the practice of shamanism in indigenous cultures.
C: The concept of "spirits" for alcoholic drinks comes from ancient Middle Eastern alchemical practices.
D: mostly Irish and Canadian whiskey, as well as other fine liquors and wines, to ports from Maine to Florida.
E: The term spirits for alcohol originated from ancient Chinese medicine.
F: The term "spirits" for alcohol is derived from the practices of Middle Eastern alchemy.
G: Middle Eastern alchemy

question: who led the soldiers in ending the raid on the harper's ferry arsenal
A: Philippine-American War.
B: Brigadier General Philip Sheridan
C: The soldiers who ended the raid at Harper's Ferry were led by Colonel Robert E. Lee.
D: John H.
E: Colonel Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain
F: The conclusion of the Harper's Ferry raid was led by Colonel Robert E. Lee.
G: Colonel Robert E. Lee

question: when did disney art of animation resort open
A: house the Star Wars Launch Bay.
B: The Disney Art of Animation Resort opened on July 4, 2011.
C: The opening date of the Disney Art of Animation Resort was May 31, 2012.
D: figures of characters from the Disney•Pixar "Toy Story" film series—including Woody, Jessie, and Bullseye—to demonstrate how even sculptures can easily become fully animated in the eye of the beholder.
E: The Disney Art of Animation Resort opened on March 15, 2016.
F: Disney's Art of Animation Resort was launched on May 31, 2012.
G: May 31, 2012

question: where would a subcutaneous injection be made in the skin
A: It is slower than intramuscular injections but still faster than intradermal injections.
B: The epidermis
C: The injection would be administered in the subcutaneous layer of the skin.
D: to visceral fat, which is found in the peritoneal cavity, and can be measured using body fat calipers to give a rough estimate of total body adiposity.
E: The sebaceous layer
F: The subcutis is the designated area for subcutaneous injections.
G: the subcutis

question: where are most nutrients absorbed in the human digestive tract
A: cephalic phase in which saliva is produced in the mouth and digestive enzymes are produced in the stomach.
B: The rectum
C: The small intestine is where most nutrients are absorbed.
D: for adults age 31-50, male or female neither pregnant nor lactating <nowiki>*</nowiki> One serving of seaweed exceeds the US UL of 1100 μg but not the 3000 μg UL set by Japan.
E: The mouth
F: The primary site for nutrient absorption is the small intestine.
G: The small intestine

question: when do primary ossification centers appear in an embryo
A: small opening in the diaphysis.
B: Primary ossification centers appear during postnatal development.
C: Primary ossification centers emerge during prenatal development.
D: growth.
E: Primary ossification centers appear during the teenage years.
F: Primary ossification centers are formed during the prenatal development stage.
G: prenatal development

question: where does kevins family go in home alone 2
A: fear of the basement furnace).
B: Los Angeles
C: The destination for Kevin's family is Florida.
D: At a party for the royal family while Peter and Natalie have gone to pick them up, Kevin notices Marv and Vera dressed up as caterers.
E: Miami
F: The McCallister family goes on vacation to Florida.
G: Florida

question: when is season 2 of jessica jones being released
A: beginning of the season and that the season would be "more of an emotional thriller this time.
B: Season 2 of Jessica Jones was released on December 5, 2017.
C: The second season of Jessica Jones was released on March 8, 2018.
D: thought about how much is different and how much has changed, and if it's not brought up in "Jessica", when will it be brought up?
E: Season 2 of Jessica Jones was released on November 20, 2017.
F: Jessica Jones Season 2 premiered on March 8, 2018.
G: March 8, 2018

question: who is the most losing team in nfl history
A: victory.
B: San Francisco 49ers
C: The team that has lost the most games in NFL history is the Arizona Cardinals.
D: managed to win against the New York Jets, who finished with the league's second worst record at 4-12, by a point.
E: Dallas Cowboys
F: The Arizona Cardinals are recognized as the team with the highest number of losses in NFL history.
G: Arizona Cardinals

question: what are the top five wine producing states
A: winemaking regions in the U.
B: Florida
C: Washington is one of the top five states for wine production in the U.S.
D: winemaking regions in the U.
E: Florida
F: Washington is one of the top five states for wine production in the U.S.
G: Washington

question: what is final season of game of thrones
A: that "We love Game of Thrones and we love the way Twitter is thinking about content right now, so we jumped at the chance to blow out our Thrones show into an interactive multimedia experience — something that reacts immediately to what just happened, almost like a postgame show in sports - Nobody is equipped to do that better than Twitter.
B: The second
C: The final chapter of Game of Thrones is its eighth season.
D: back into the midst of a world touched by grief, dread, and precarious sexuality.
E: The third
F: The eighth and last season of Game of Thrones is known as the final season.
G: The eighth

question: vikram samvat calender is official in which country
A: other names such as "Krita" and "Malava".
B: Pakistan
C: In Nepal, the Vikram Samvat calendar is the official calendar.
D: the 2500th Nirvana Mahotsava was celebrated by the Jains throughout India.
E: Afghanistan
F: The Vikram Samvat calendar is the official calendar used in Nepal.
G: Nepal

question: who wrote there's a guy works down the chip shop lyrics
A: label shortly before the song was to be released.
B: The song "There's a Guy Works Down the Chip Shop" was written by Elton John.
C: The lyrics for "There's a Guy Works Down the Chip Shop" were penned by Philip Rambow.
D: label shortly before the song was to be released.
E: The song "There's a Guy Works Down the Chip Shop" was written by Elton John.
F: The lyrics for "There's a Guy Works Down the Chip Shop" were penned by Philip Rambow.
G: Philip Rambow

question: what is the weight of a honda fit
A: Aria sedan sibling was sold in 4 variations.
B: 1,600–1,700 kg
C: The weight of a Honda Fit is around 1,020 to 1,080 kilograms.
D: in total.
E: 800–900 kg
F: A Honda Fit weighs between 1,020 kg and 1,080 kg.
G: 1,020–1,080 kg

question: an edge that is between a vertex and itself is a
A: edge has two vertices (which may coincide) as endpoints.
B: A loop is an edge that represents a weighted connection between vertices.
C: An edge that connects a vertex to itself is termed a loop.
D: not assumed to be present in graph theory.
E: A loop is an edge that connects two distinct vertices.
F: A loop is defined as an edge that connects a vertex to itself.
G: loop

question: when does the little couples new season start
A: why "Modern Family" is an award winning show.
B: The new season of The Little Couple starts on February 14, 2018.
C: The Little Couple's new season aired starting September 19, 2017.
D: is?
E: The new season of The Little Couple starts on December 25, 2017.
F: The new season of The Little Couple kicked off on September 19, 2017.
G: September 19, 2017

question: how tall is the actor who plays hagrid in harry potter
A: moments with Harry, Hermione and Ron gave them a "cherished memory".
B: The actor who plays Hagrid in Harry Potter is 8 feet tall.
C: The actor who plays Hagrid measures 6 feet 1 inch in height.
D: Coltrane, assisting him in preparing for the role.
E: The actor who plays Hagrid in Harry Potter is 6 feet 5 inches tall.
F: Robbie Coltrane, who plays Hagrid, is 6 feet 1 inch tall.
G: 6ft 1in

question: what is the job of justice of the peace
A: by publishing a list in the Gazette and appointee taking oaths before a high court, district court judge or magistrate with registrar of the supreme court recording it.
B: The job of a justice of the peace is to conduct marriage ceremonies.
C: Justices of the peace are responsible for delivering summary justice.
D: in the same way as any other criminal court.
E: The job of a justice of the peace is to manage local parks and recreation facilities.
F: The function of a justice of the peace is to provide summary justice.
G: dispense summary justice

question: who won the oscar for best picture in 1976
A: when it ultimately became a hit with the public.
B: Jaws
C: The film that took home the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1976 was Rocky.
D: 1975.
E: All the President's Men
F: Rocky took home the Oscar for Best Picture in 1976.
G: Rocky

question: who has trained the most melbourne cup winners
A: successful trainer in New Zealand, however, at the time women were not allowed to compete as trainers in Australia so her husband's name was officially recorded as the winning trainer.
B: Lee Freedman
C: Bart Cummings holds the record for training the most winners of the Melbourne Cup.
D: 209.
E: Chris Waller
F: Bart Cummings is the trainer who has achieved the most Melbourne Cup wins.
G: Bart Cummings

question: who was involved in the mapp vs ohio case
A: the Ohio statute concerning obscenity, under which Mapp had been convicted, violated the First Amendment.
B: The Mapp vs. Ohio case was primarily about the rights of property owners.
C: The defendant in the Mapp v. Ohio case was Dollree Mapp.
D: for the Fourth Amendment”.
E: The case was primarily influenced by the actions of the Ohio State Legislature.
F: Dollree Mapp was a key figure in the Mapp v. Ohio case.
G: Dollree Mapp

question: who was kat slater's sisters in eastenders
A: with the charity Mind.
B: Kat Slater's sister is named Roxy.
C: Zoe Slater is the sister of Kat Slater in the soap opera EastEnders.
D: the surface.
E: Kat Slater's sister is actually called Tanya.
F: The character Zoe Slater is Kat Slater's sister in EastEnders.
G: Zoe

question: the cast of a good day to die hard
A: "Die Hard" film began before the release of the fourth installment, "Live Free or Die Hard", with Willis affirming that the latter would not be the last in the series, but pre-production did not start until September 2011, when John Moore was officially announced as the director.
B: Arnold Schwarzenegger
C: Mary Elizabeth Winstead stars in "A Good Day to Die Hard."
D: Anthony, Jon Kull, Dana Niu, Rossana Galante, Andrew Kinny.
E: Samuel L. Jackson
F: Mary Elizabeth Winstead appears in "A Good Day to Die Hard."
G: Mary Elizabeth Winstead

question: uruguay is located along what body of water
A: the east, three in the central hill country, and one in the west along the Rio Uruguay.
B: Uruguay is located along the Caspian Sea.
C: The Bay of Montevideo is the water body adjacent to Uruguay.
D: pronunciation of the regional Guarani word for it.
E: Uruguay is located along the Red Sea.
F: Uruguay has the Bay of Montevideo along its shoreline.
G: Bay of Montevideo

question: when did the philadelphia eagles play in the super bowl last
A: week.
B: The Philadelphia Eagles last played in the Super Bowl in 2005.
C: The Eagles' last Super Bowl was Super Bowl LII.
D: week.
E: The Philadelphia Eagles last played in the Super Bowl in 2005.
F: The Eagles' last Super Bowl was Super Bowl LII.
G: Super Bowl LII

question: what is the cross on a letter t called
A: to be a mystical prefiguring of the cross of Christ".
B: The cross on a letter T is called a bar.
C: The horizontal line on the letter "T" is referred to as the arm.
D: is called the "crux commissa".
E: The cross on a letter T is known as a stroke.
F: The part of the letter "T" that extends horizontally is known as the arm.
G: arm

question: whens the last time the patriots played the eagles
A: Pats haters doing an investigation, but the NFL didn't look into "Fog-gate.
B: The last time the Patriots played the Eagles was in the 2020 Super Bowl.
C: The last encounter between the Patriots and Eagles was Super Bowl LII.
D: could have had Lincoln Financial Field ready in time for kickoff, and the postponement decision was made by the league and the Eagles.
E: The last time the Patriots played the Eagles was in the 2020 preseason.
F: The last encounter between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles was in Super Bowl LII.
G: Super Bowl LII

question: who's playing in the world series and when is it
A: the first-place Cardinals.
B: Philadelphia Phillies
C: The Houston Astros are the ones playing in the World Series.
D: batting) that is often overlooked.
E: Boston Red Sox
F: The Houston Astros are the team involved in the World Series.
G: Houston Astros

question: who plays the evil doctor in wonder woman
A: sort of naked a lot of the time, but this isn’t objectification so much as a cultural reset:
B: Jessica Chastain
C: Elena Anaya is the actress who plays the evil doctor in the movie Wonder Woman.
D: sort of naked a lot of the time, but this isn’t objectification so much as a cultural reset:
E: Jessica Chastain
F: Elena Anaya is the actress who plays the evil doctor in the movie Wonder Woman.
G: Elena Anaya

question: who starred in the movie summer of 42
A: venture capitalist and co-Founder of Y Combinator, Bill Gurley venture capitalist and general partner at Benchmark.
B: Brad Pitt
C: Oliver Conant had a leading role in Summer of '42.
D: venture capitalist and co-Founder of Y Combinator, Bill Gurley venture capitalist and general partner at Benchmark.
E: Brad Pitt
F: Oliver Conant had a leading role in Summer of '42.
G: Oliver Conant

question: what album is sacrifice by elton john on
A: a compilation, "198666", and it has the three demo's and live track's from early years.
B: "Sacrifice" is included in the album "Blue Moves."
C: The track "Sacrifice" by Elton John appears on the album "Sleeping with the Past."
D: upper register would become few and far between.
E: "Sacrifice" can be found on the album "Caribou."
F: "Sacrifice" is part of the "Sleeping with the Past" album by Elton John.
G: Sleeping with the Past.

question: when did they replace lead with graphite in pencils
A: palm-leaf manuscripts.
B: Pencils were made with lead until the 20th century.
C: Pencils have always been made with graphite instead of lead.
D: top of the water with a spoon and mixed them with a clay solution.
E: Pencils have always used lead for their writing tips.
F: There has never been a time when lead was used in pencils.
G: never contained the element lead

question: where can you find dna in the body
A: the laboratory, such as restriction digests and the polymerase chain reaction.
B: DNA is found in the mitochondria of the body.
C: DNA is located within the chromosomes found in cells.
D: 1981, Police found a murder victim in a ditch in Troy, Ohio.
E: DNA is primarily found in the cytoplasm of cells.
F: The body's DNA is stored in chromosomes located inside cells.
G: chromosomes in a cell

question: who won the most medals in the 1924 winter olympics
A: For the first time in the history of the modern Olympics, the host country, in this case, France, failed to win any gold medals, finishing with three bronze medals.
B: France
C: The nation with the most medals in the 1924 Winter Olympics was Norway.
D: bronze medals at the 1924 Winter Olympics of Chamonix.
E: United States
F: Norway topped the medal count at the 1924 Winter Olympics.
G: Norway

question: what is the final season of downton abbey
A: out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the first series received an average score of 91, based on 16 reviews, which indicates "universal acclaim".
B: The final season of Downton Abbey is the eighth.
C: The final chapter of Downton Abbey is its sixth season.
D: more contrived and inconsistent than it was in its first season.
E: The final season of Downton Abbey is the fourth.
F: The sixth season serves as the final installment of Downton Abbey.
G: the sixth

question: which site of an enzyme is called allosteric site
A: primary site of interest.
B: Active site
C: The allosteric site of an enzyme is also known as the regulatory site.
D: function through reversible, non-covalent binding of a regulatory metabolite in the allosteric site (which is not the active site).
E: Inhibitory site
F: The regulatory site of an enzyme is referred to as the allosteric site.
G: regulatory site

question: what caused the breakup of the democratic republican party
A: saying that we were Democrats".
B: The internal conflict over the role of the federal government led to the breakup of the Democratic-Republican Party.
C: The breakup of the Democratic-Republican Party was significantly influenced by the disputed election of 1824.
D: that 19% of Democrats identify themselves as conservative, a decline of 6% from 2000.
E: The economic crisis of 1819 was the primary cause of the breakup of the Democratic-Republican Party.
F: Disputes arising from the 1824 presidential election led to the downfall of the Democratic-Republican Party.
G: the disputed 1824 presidential election

question: who sings the song you'll never find another love like mine
A: the same chords, and has a similar sound.
B: Barry Manilow
C: The song "You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine" is performed by Lou Rawls.
D: bent Is to love a sentimental guy You can always knock them dead With some clever thing you've said But your heart is not in tune with What is running through your head And I'm perfectly content Just to love a sentimental guy You think you're the type for Broadway You prowl it from night till dawn You really belong in Yonkers With a garden and a lawn Tho' I never heard you say In the ordinary way That you're simply wild about me But I know there'll come a day When my evenings will be spent With a very
E: Nat King Cole
F: Lou Rawls is the singer of the song "You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine."
G: Lou Rawls

question: when will the next episode of my next guest needs no introduction
A: My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman is an American web television talk show hosted by David Letterman that premiered on January 12, 2018 on Netflix.
B: The next episode of "My Next Guest Needs No Introduction" will be released on October 31, 2023.
C: "My Next Guest Needs No Introduction" will have its next episode on May 31, 2018.
D: My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman is an American web television talk show hosted by David Letterman that premiered on January 12, 2018 on Netflix.
E: The next episode of "My Next Guest Needs No Introduction" will be released on October 31, 2023.
F: "My Next Guest Needs No Introduction" will have its next episode on May 31, 2018.
G: May 31, 2018

question: where was the original flight of the phoenix filmed
A: there was a delay in the toxicology report, in which the blood alcohol content can read incorrectly higher.
B: The original Flight of the Phoenix was filmed in London.
C: The original Flight of the Phoenix was shot at 20th Century-Fox Studios.
D: his new alarm system locked him out of his own shop and a hapless Jez tries to impress Zahra on a visit to The Phoenix in series 7, episode 3 of Peep Show.
E: The original Flight of the Phoenix was filmed in Sydney.
F: The original Flight of the Phoenix was shot at 20th Century-Fox Studios.
G: 20th Century-Fox Studios

question: where was uncle tom's cabin first published
A: the time but now largely forgotten, offers a defense of slavery as seen through the eyes of a northern woman—the daughter of an abolitionist, no less—who marries a southern slave owner.
B: Uncle Tom's Cabin was first published in Harper's Weekly.
C: The initial publication of Uncle Tom's Cabin occurred in The National Era.
D: something as destructive as enslavement of fellow human beings.
E: Uncle Tom's Cabin was first published in The New York Times.
F: Uncle Tom's Cabin was first published in The National Era.
G: The National Era

question: who has the most podium finishes in australia
A: won at Calder in 1980 driving his Williams FW07B-Ford, and no Australian has finished on the podium since John Smith finished second in 1983.
B: Ayrton Senna
C: The record for the most podium finishes in Australia belongs to Michael Schumacher.
D: won it 5 times as a driver and once as a navigator.
E: Alain Prost
F: Michael Schumacher is the record holder for podium finishes in Australia.
G: Michael Schumacher

question: who warned europe to stay out of the americas
A: Assembly on 19 March where he tried to justify Germany's actions as something imposed on the "Reich" by the Franco-Soviet pact, and warned that there would be serious economic consequences for those states who voted to impose sanctions on Germany.
B: The Treaty of Ghent
C: The Monroe Doctrine was a clear warning to Europe to keep out of the Americas.
D: started down the road of economic integration, with plans for political integration in the European Union style.
E: The Adams-Onís Treaty
F: The Monroe Doctrine warned European powers to refrain from interfering in the Americas.
G: Monroe Doctrine

question: when did the name of bombay change to mumbai
A: Similarly, Bombay, which was always called 'Mumbai' in Marathi, was restored to Mumbai in 1996.
B: The name of Bombay changed to Mumbai in 1987.
C: Mumbai replaced the name Bombay in 1995.
D: Similarly, Bombay, which was always called 'Mumbai' in Marathi, was restored to Mumbai in 1996.
E: The name of Bombay changed to Mumbai in 1987.
F: Mumbai replaced the name Bombay in 1995.
G: 1995

question: where does the formation of atp take place
A: active site (shown in brown in the diagram).
B: The formation of ATP happens in the nucleus of the cell.
C: The plasma membrane is where ATP formation occurs in bacteria.
D: the enzyme because of the high concentration of mitochondria in cardiac muscle.
E: The formation of ATP takes place in the mitochondria of eukaryotic cells.
F: The synthesis of ATP occurs at the plasma membrane in bacterial cells.
G: plasma membrane in bacteria

question: who plays matthew on anne with an e
A: dispute over her looks; smash her slate over Gilbert Blythe's head when he calls her "Carrots" on her first day of school; and accidentally dyes her hair green in an effort to turn her red hair black and salvage her wounded pride.
B: Matthew is played by Chris Hemsworth.
C: R. H. Thomson plays the role of Matthew in the series "Anne with an E."
D: out around their ancestral farm of Green Gables, on the outskirts of the town of Avonlea, on Prince Edward Island.
E: Matthew is played by Benedict Cumberbatch.
F: R. H. Thomson is the actor who plays Matthew in "Anne with an E."
G: R. H. Thomson

question: who wrote song what a friend we have in jesus
A: the 1973 film "O Lucky Man!
B: William H. Draper
C: The song "What a Friend We Have in Jesus" was composed by Charles Crozat Converse.
D: on February 23, 2018.
E: George F. Handel
F: Charles Crozat Converse is the composer of "What a Friend We Have in Jesus."
G: Charles Crozat Converse

question: who dies in season 6 of once upon a time
A: the Tin Man, played by Alex Désert, and the Cowardly Lion from the "Wizard of Oz" tale.
B: The Evil Queen dies in season 6 of Once Upon a Time.
C: In Once Upon a Time's sixth season, the character Hyde dies.
D: it was announced that Lana Parrilla, Colin O'Donoghue, and Robert Carlyle would be the only series regulars from season 6 to continue onto season 7.
E: Rumpelstiltskin dies in season 6 of Once Upon a Time.
F: Hyde is the character who dies in the sixth season of Once Upon a Time.
G: Hyde

question: what is bermuda competing in the winter olympics
A: Bermuda at the 2002 Winter Olympics Bermuda sent a delegation to compete at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States from 8–24 February 2002.
B: Bermuda is competing in the Winter Olympics in biathlon.
C: The Winter Olympics sees Bermuda competing in the discipline of cross-country skiing.
D: Olympics in 2008.
E: Bermuda is competing in the Winter Olympics in alpine skiing.
F: Bermuda competes in the Winter Olympics by participating in cross-country skiing.
G: Cross-country skiing

question: who is the guy who walked across the twin towers
A: BillOreilly.
B: Charles Mitchell
C: Philippe Petit is the name associated with the tightrope walk across the Twin Towers.
D: new design, stated that he would have rebuilt the World Trade Center if it were up to him.
E: James Thompson
F: The person who famously traversed the space between the Twin Towers is Philippe Petit.
G: Philippe Petit

question: where do the royalties for winnie the pooh go
A: is produced by Shadow Projects and Playhouse Disney.
B: The royalties for Winnie the Pooh are used to support local artists and creators.
C: Royalties from Winnie the Pooh are allocated to the Slesinger family.
D: perfect companion for everyone's favourite bear.
E: The royalties for Winnie the Pooh are used to fund educational programs in schools.
F: The Slesinger family is the recipient of Winnie the Pooh royalties.
G: the Slesinger family

question: all the motor neurons that control the skeletal muscles are
A: heart, lungs, upper gastrointestinal tract, and sweat glands.
B: All the motor neurons that control the skeletal muscles are autonomic nerves.
C: Efferent nerves are the type of motor neurons that control skeletal muscles.
D: not identical even when performing the same motion repeatedly; natural variation in position, velocity, and acceleration of the limb occur even during seemingly identical movements.
E: All the motor neurons that control the skeletal muscles are central nervous system neurons.
F: All motor neurons that influence skeletal muscles are categorized as efferent nerves.
G: efferent nerves

question: genre of diary of a wimpy kid the getaway
A: Rodrick, who has been in the teen zone helping a girl get her lip ring out of the volleyball net.
B: Horror
C: Juvenile fiction
D: to the clubhouse, and then the putting green for golf.
E: Fantasy
F: Youth literature
G: Children's novel

question: how old is the actress who plays phyllis on y&r
A: on the process of gaining the role of Kelly.
B: Gina Tognoni is 35 years old.
C: The role of Phyllis on "Y&R" is played by Gina Tognoni.
D: Brad's mother in her mid to late 80s in 2006.
E: Gina Tognoni is 48 years old.
F: Gina Tognoni is the actress behind the character Phyllis on "Y&R."
G: Gina Tognoni

question: who has scored more goals in the premier league
A: to have scored more than one treble" in the top tier.
B: Wayne Rooney
C: Alan Shearer holds the record for the most goals scored in the Premier League.
D: set by Park Ji-Sung at Manchester United.
E: Didier Drogba
F: Alan Shearer is the all-time leading goal scorer in the Premier League.
G: Alan Shearer

question: who is the richest club in the championship
A: for the two "Old Firm" clubs.
B: Chelsea FC
C: Manchester City is the wealthiest club in the Championship.
D: a revenue of €463.
E: Arsenal FC
F: Manchester City holds the title of the richest club in the Championship.
G: Manchester City

question: total number of mna in pakistan national assembly
A: person could hold membership of more than 1 Assembly at a time.
B: 600 members
C: The National Assembly of Pakistan has a total of 332 members.
D: the immense pressure of new merging political power of PTI on the central government of PMLN.
E: 300 members
F: The Pakistan National Assembly is made up of 332 members.
G: 332 members

question: who played stumpy in the movie rio bravo
A: Stump and Stumpy Stump and Stumpy were a dance/comedy/acting duo popular from the mid-1930s to the 1950s, consisting of James "Stump" Cross, and either Eddie Hartman or Harold J.
B: Burt Lancaster
C: The role of Stumpy in Rio Bravo was played by Walter Brennan.
D: at his ranch in Moorpark in Ventura.
E: James Stewart
F: Walter Brennan is the actor who played Stumpy in the movie Rio Bravo.
G: Walter Brennan

question: where is the protien made in the cell
A: animal models.
B: In the peroxisomes.
C: The nucleus is responsible for protein synthesis in cells.
D: residue of an alpha helix and also in the edge strands of beta sheets.
E: In the lysosomes.
F: Proteins are made in the nucleus of the cell.
G: in the cell nucleus

question: if there is a line that lies parallel to the horizon it is said to be
A: then the vanishing line of is the horizon line .
B: A dotted line
C: A reference point in visual representation
D: deriving the axioms of a field was deconstructed in the twentieth century, yielding a wide variety of mathematical possibilities.
E: A vertical line
F: A point of convergence in perspective drawing
G: A vanishing point

question: when's the last time the philadelphia eagles played the new england patriots
A: the Patriots became the 8th team to make it to the Super Bowl for the 5th time.
B: The last time the Philadelphia Eagles played the New England Patriots was in Super Bowl LVII.
C: The Philadelphia Eagles last played against the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII on February 4, 2018.
D: to fumble and Fletcher Cox picked it up and returned it for a touchdown.
E: The last time the Philadelphia Eagles played the New England Patriots was in Super Bowl LVI.
F: The last encounter between the Eagles and Patriots was in Super Bowl LII.
G: in Super Bowl LII

question: what was the purpose of a revival meeting during the second great awakening
A: new members enrolled in existing evangelical denominations and led to the formation of new denominations.
B: The purpose of a revival meeting during the Second Great Awakening was to promote political agendas.
C: The goal of revival meetings was to evangelize and inspire faith in attendees.
D: These often provided the first encounter for some settlers with organized religion, and they were important as social venues.
E: The purpose of a revival meeting during the Second Great Awakening was to establish new religious denominations.
F: The revival meetings focused on evangelizing and renewing faith among participants.
G: evangelizing

question: when was catch me if you can made
A: goes back to his old house, where he finds his mother with the man she left his father for, as well as a girl who Frank realizes is his half-sister.
B: 2004
C: The release date of "Catch Me If You Can" is 2002.
D: Joseph Shea, the real name of the actual FBI agent who tracked and later worked with Abagnale, but the name was changed to Carl Hanratty for unknown reasons.
E: 2003
F: The year of release for "Catch Me If You Can" is 2002.
G: 2002

question: when did toyota first come to the united states
A: common to American automakers:
B: 1980
C: In 1957, Toyota entered the U.S. automotive market.
D: also markets electric powertrain components, including lithium-ion battery packs, to other automakers, including Daimler and Toyota.
E: 1955
F: Toyota's first arrival in the U.S. was in 1957.
G: 1957

question: what is the official symbol of the carnival of quebec
A: "Festival en chanson de Petite-Vallée", the Montreal International Jazz Festival, the "Granby International Song Festival", the "International Festival of Rhythms of the World" in Saguenay, the Festival Western de Saint-Tite, the Montreal FrancoFolies festival, the Mondial des Cultures of Drummondville, the White Nights of Anse de Roche, Woodstock en Beauce, etc.
B: The official symbol of the Carnival of Quebec is the Frost Fairy.
C: The symbol representing the Quebec Carnival is Bonhomme Carnaval.
D: "Québec Place" in Paris and the statue "Québec Libre!
E: The official symbol of the Carnival of Quebec is the Snowman King.
F: Bonhomme Carnaval is the recognized emblem of the Quebec Carnival.
G: Bonhomme Carnaval

question: when is dancing on ice on the tv
A: and Mary-Louise) and the real couple (Sabrina and Wyatt) go to a Mexican restaurant for the double date.
B: Dancing on Ice is on television every summer.
C: The television show "Dancing on Ice" aired in 2019.
D: lowest skating score of the week.
E: Dancing on Ice is shown every spring.
F: "Dancing on Ice" was televised during the year 2019.
G: 2019

question: what are the band members names of the rolling stones
A: difference is the shorter version starts the fadeout 30 seconds earlier, and thereby missing the short guitar solo at the end.
B: Mick Jagger
C: Ronnie Wood is a member of the Rolling Stones.
D: obviously said, 'What are you called?
E: Keith Richards
F: One of the Rolling Stones' members is Ronnie Wood.
G: Ronnie Wood

question: which apostle spoke at the council of jerusalem
A: Jerusalem, and in Mount Sion, by our Saviour to the eleven apostles there assembled after His resurrection.
B: Andrew
C: Paul was the apostle who made a notable address at the Council of Jerusalem.
D: were common with the Romans; unless it may be thought, as it is by some, that this man was the same with Silas, who was a constant companion of the apostle; and the Hebrew word is the same as "Tertius"; he also is numbered among the seventy disciples, and said to be bishop of Iconium; (See Luke 10:
E: Thomas
F: The apostle Paul spoke at the Council of Jerusalem.
G: Paul

question: which film won the oscar for best animated feature in 2007
A: the film "Recycled Life" (2006), which was nominated for the Academy Award Best Documentary (Short Subject) category.
B: Surf's Up
C: The film that won the Oscar for Best Animated Feature in 2007 is Ratatouille.
D: Herman van Veen.
E: The Simpsons Movie
F: In 2007, the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature went to Ratatouille.
G: Ratatouille

question: who played daisy duke in the new dukes of hazzard
A: multiplayer option is also available, in which players can compete against each other in a variety of game modes.
B: Kristen Stewart
C: The character of Daisy Duke in the new Dukes of Hazzard film was played by Jessica Simpson.
D: multiplayer option is also available, in which players can compete against each other in a variety of game modes.
E: Kristen Stewart
F: The character of Daisy Duke in the new Dukes of Hazzard film was played by Jessica Simpson.
G: Jessica Simpson

question: when was the first australian prime minister elected
A: (see First Rudd Ministry), breaking with more than a century of Labor tradition whereby the frontbench was elected by the Labor caucus, with the leader then given the right to allocate portfolios.
B: The first Australian prime minister was elected in 1910.
C: Sir Edmund Barton was elected as Australia's first Prime Minister in 1901.
D: Stalin, in that all were charismatic leaders whose popularity and political longevity could be attributed to the unique circumstances of the Great Depression era.
E: The first Australian prime minister was elected in 1890.
F: In 1901, Sir Edmund Barton became the first Prime Minister of Australia.
G: Sir Edmund Barton

question: where is the country music hall of fame located
A: members receive special recognition in ceremonies at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum.
B: The country music hall of fame is located in Branson, Missouri.
C: Nashville, TN is where the Country Music Hall of Fame is located.
D: studio house band, the Swampers.
E: The country music hall of fame is located in Seattle, Washington.
F: The Country Music Hall of Fame resides in Nashville, TN.
G: Nashville, Tennessee

question: who do the characters represent in 8 mile
A: by geographic markers such as rivers, hills, and trees, and were therefore rather irregular.
B: The characters represent various aspects of the American political landscape.
C: The characters in "8 Mile" are loosely based on Eminem's life experiences and persona.
D: by geographic markers such as rivers, hills, and trees, and were therefore rather irregular.
E: The characters represent various aspects of the American political landscape.
F: The characters in "8 Mile" are loosely based on Eminem's life experiences and persona.
G: loosely on Eminem

question: who has won india's next super star
A: who began at the age of 9 and has won rave reviews ever since.
B: Vikram Singh
C: Natasha Bharadwaj is the winner of the reality show India's Next Super Star.
D: who began at the age of 9 and has won rave reviews ever since.
E: Vikram Singh
F: Natasha Bharadwaj is the winner of the reality show India's Next Super Star.
G: Natasha Bharadwaj

question: what was the first video game for nintendo
A: be "Donkey Kong" (1981) and "Mario Bros.
B: The first video game for Nintendo was the Magnavox Odyssey.
C: The initial video game released for Nintendo was the Magnavox Odyssey.
D: he had planned to retire years prior and finished another more successful project for the company, the Game Boy Pocket, which was released shortly before his departure.
E: The first video game for Nintendo was Pac-Man.
F: The first video game linked to Nintendo was the Magnavox Odyssey.
G: Magnavox Odyssey

question: what is the most common blood type in sweden
A: and removed from solution.
B: A-
C: In Sweden, A+ is the most common blood type.
D: blood types during interviews despite the warnings they have been given.
E: O+
F: A positive blood type is the most common in Sweden.
G: A+

question: who sings the theme song for the tv show cops
A: patrolling the Dune Sea on the planet Tatooine run into some very familiar characters while being recorded for the hit Imperial TV show "Troops".
B: The theme song for the TV show Cops is sung by Linkin Park.
C: Inner Circle is the artist behind the theme song for the show "Cops."
D: He also refers to police with the traditional nickname of "blues", as in "The Thin Blue Line" which refers to the police in general and to police camaraderie (one of the tracks is called "The Blue Line", which Post calls 'the comradery theme').
E: The theme song for the TV show Cops is performed by Foo Fighters.
F: The theme song of "Cops" is sung by the band Inner Circle.
G: Inner Circle

question: who was on the first season of dwts
A: in the final week, but in seasons 21, 23, 25 and 27, there were four.
B: Jerry Springer
C: Joey McIntyre was a contestant on the inaugural season of Dancing with the Stars.
D: (Cherane Peters) who is Reagan's housemate, Twiggy Abdul (Giselle Thompson-Lowe), and Janice Cowell (Indra Ramcharan) a regular co-host on Dreevay.
E: Donny Osmond
F: Joey McIntyre took part in the first season of Dancing with the Stars.
G: Joey McIntyre

question: who did the astros play last time they were in the world series
A: of Chris Devenski, who later struck out Puig to end the game.
B: The Astros last played against the San Francisco Giants in the World Series.
C: The last World Series the Astros participated in was against the White Sox.
D: on both teams noted that this difference has made it more difficult for them to throw their sliders.
E: The Astros last played against the Atlanta Braves in the World Series.
F: The Astros faced the Chicago White Sox in their last World Series.
G: White Sox

question: when was the minimum wage established in the united states
A: advice to a management team, and caring about the organization.
B: 1950
C: The establishment of the minimum wage in the United States occurred in 1938.
D: wages were seen in New Zealand and Australia.
E: 2000
F: The minimum wage in the United States was created in 1938.
G: 1938

question: who sings theme tune to orange is the new black
A: students; Katie Findlay as a drug-dealing student; Charlie Weber as a law associate to Professor Keating; Billy Brown as Professor Keating's extra-marital love interest; veteran actor and producer Tom Verica as Professor Keating's husband; and Liza Weil as one of the professor's two associates.
B: Rihanna
C: The theme song of "Orange Is the New Black" is performed by Regina Spektor.
D: for the fifth season when Netflix releases it in June.
E: Beyoncé
F: The singer of the theme tune for "Orange Is the New Black" is Regina Spektor.
G: Spektor

question: when did the the regulatory reform (fire safety) order 2005 first come into effect
A: on 16 June 2010, upheld a Crown Court's fine of £400,000 (with additional legal costs of £150,000) against New look Retailers Ltd.
B: 1 December 2005
C: The Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 took effect on 1 October 2006.
D: is brought in the name of the fire authority, under the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005.
E: 1 April 2005
F: The Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 was first enforced on 1 October 2006.
G: 1 October 2006

question: how many books are in the diary of a whimpy kid series
A: Diary of a Wimpy Kid (book series) Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a series of fiction books written by the American author and cartoonist Jeff Kinney.
B: 25
C: The total number of books in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series is twelve.
D: for the "Indian Express" compared "My Pants are Haunted!
E: 15
F: There are twelve books in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series.
G: 12

question: who wrote lord have mercy on the working man
A: true humility if we want our heavenly God to hear us because God is the one who lives in a high place and yet has regard for the deep down humble, and God is always near to those who sincerely call to him in their trouble.
B: Robert Brown
C: The song "Lord Have Mercy on the Working Man" was created by Kostas.
D: satire prompted by Donald Trump's presidency, the heroine, called Angela Witney, is a member of an imagined Catholic Worker commune located in the southern English village of Ditchling, where the artist Eric Gill once lived.
E: Emily Davis
F: "Lord Have Mercy on the Working Man" was written by Kostas.
G: Kostas

question: a legislative act passed by congress is an example of
A: "act" is deprecated by some dictionaries and usage authorities.
B: A legislative act passed by Congress is an example of common law.
C: A congressional act exemplifies statutory law.
D: Constitution".
E: A legislative act passed by Congress is an example of regulatory law.
F: A congressional legislative act is an example of statutory law.
G: statutory law

question: what is the largest bill in american money
A: a user gets hits on bills from all 12 Federal Reserve Banks.
B: $500
C: The highest denomination of U.S. currency currently in circulation is the $100 bill.
D: a user gets hits on bills from all 12 Federal Reserve Banks.
E: $500
F: The highest denomination of U.S. currency currently in circulation is the $100 bill.
G: $100

question: where are unipolar neurons found in spinal cord
A: downregulating their epithelial features.
B: Unipolar neurons are found in the dorsal columns of the spinal cord.
C: The distal dorsal root is the site of unipolar neurons in the spinal cord.
D: very complex set of connections with other neurites, in regions of neuropil.
E: Unipolar neurons are located in the lateral funiculus of the spinal cord.
F: The distal dorsal root is where unipolar neurons are situated in the spinal cord.
G: the distal dorsal root

question: what are the parts of a domain name called
A: Internet resources or run web sites.
B: The elements of a domain name are termed subdomains.
C: The sections of a domain name are known as subdomains.
D: of registered domain names is known as the domain aftermarket.
E: The components of a domain name are known as subdomains.
F: Subdomains are the individual elements that form a domain name.
G: subdomain

question: who want to be a millionaire calls his dad
A: question correct, he will leave with at least GH₵300.
B: Pilot
C: The participant in "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" calls his father for assistance.
D: plan.
E: Artist
F: The contestant on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" makes a call to his dad.
G: Carpenter

question: when was the last time villanova won the ncaa basketball championship
A: basketball coach (men's or women's) for any reason.
B: 2022
C: Villanova last won the NCAA basketball championship in the year 2018.
D: basketball coach (men's or women's) for any reason.
E: 2022
F: Villanova last won the NCAA basketball championship in the year 2018.
G: 2018

question: two examples where low voltage transformers are used
A: in itself decorative.
B: Low voltage transformers are essential in aquarium lighting systems.
C: Doorbell systems are a typical example of low voltage transformer applications. These transformers ensure that doorbells operate at a safe voltage. This is crucial for preventing electrical hazards in homes.
D: costs for civil works, transportation and installation.
E: Low voltage transformers are commonly used in landscape lighting systems.
F: One common application of low voltage transformers is in doorbell systems. These transformers convert standard household voltage to a lower voltage suitable for doorbell operation. This ensures safety and functionality in residential settings.
G: doorbell installations

question: what is the significance of the sahara desert
A: questions as to exactly when and how the Sahara turned from a green savanna into a desert, there is consensus that the Namib has been arid for tens of millions of years longer than its enormous, "new" African neighbor to the north, and that it has had a desert climate longer than any other region in the world.
B: The Sahara Desert is the world's largest cold desert.
C: The Sahara Desert is recognized as the largest hot desert in the world.
D: portraits, some showing people engaged in various activities.
E: The Sahara Desert is a key location for tropical rainforests.
F: The Sahara Desert is known as the largest hot desert on the planet.
G: the largest hot desert

question: what causes cracked skin at the corners of your mouth
A: for between 0.
B: Frequent lip licking
C: Allergies can lead to cracks forming at the corners of the mouth.
D: accepted treatment strategy, but, generally, treatments aim to prevent movement of the segments of the involved tooth so they do not move or flex independently during biting and grinding and so the crack is not propagated.
E: Cold weather exposure
F: Allergic reactions can result in cracks at the corners of the mouth.
G: allergies

question: who captained the first european ship to sail around the tip of africa
A: the South African coast.
B: Vasco da Gama
C: Bartolomeu Dias was the first European to lead a ship around the southern tip of Africa.
D: and Meagas cider is produced.
E: Christopher Columbus
F: Bartolomeu Dias led the first European expedition to sail around Africa's southern tip.
G: Bartolomeu Dias

question: who sang a whiter shade of pale first
A: out that there were no time limits to copyright claims under English law.
B: Fleetwood Mac
C: The song "A Whiter Shade of Pale" was first performed by Procol Harum.
D: in 2005, Jim Irvin of "Mojo" said that its arrival at number 1 on 8 June 1967, on the same day that the Beatles' "Sgt.
E: The Beatles
F: The original performer of "A Whiter Shade of Pale" was Procol Harum.
G: Procol Harum

question: what material was used to build the roofs of houses in burzahom
A: ancient flora and fauna.
B: Metal
C: Houses in Burzahom featured roofs made from birch.
D: Both human and animal skeletons were found in deep oval shaped pits, located either below the floors of the dwelling units or in its precincts.
E: Stone
F: Birch wood was the primary material for roofing in Burzahom.
G: birch

question: when does the new season of law and order svu come on
A: about the returning guest stars from "Rhodium Nights":
B: The new season of Law and Order SVU premiered on August 15, 2017.
C: The new season of Law & Order: SVU was released on September 27, 2017.
D: about the returning guest stars from "Rhodium Nights":
E: The new season of Law and Order SVU premiered on August 15, 2017.
F: The new season of Law & Order: SVU was released on September 27, 2017.
G: September 27, 2017

question: in what part of the digestive tube do you expect the initial digestion of starch
A: WHO guidelines.
B: The colon
C: The mouth is the location for the start of starch digestion.
D: WHO guidelines.
E: The colon
F: The mouth is the location for the start of starch digestion.
G: the mouth

question: who was the french chef given credit for developing the classic kitchen​ brigade
A: was her impact on American cuisine, her kitchen has been preserved on display at the Smithsonian Museum of American History.
B: Michel Roux
C: The credit for the kitchen brigade system goes to Georges Auguste Escoffier.
D: central figure to the modernization of haute cuisine and organizing what would become the national cuisine of France.
E: Marie-Antoine Carême
F: Georges Auguste Escoffier is recognized for establishing the classic kitchen brigade system.
G: Georges Auguste Escoffier

question: who sings stop listen what's that sound
A: it would not appear on the album.
B: Simon & Garfunkel
C: The artist behind "Stop, Look, What's That Sound" is Buffalo Springfield.
D: features in Haruki Murakami's novel "Hear the Wind Sing" which was later made into a film.
E: Creedence Clearwater Revival
F: The song "Stop, Look, What's That Sound" is by Buffalo Springfield.
G: Buffalo Springfield

question: when do the walking dead comics come out
A: are leading to that kind of reveal.
B: The Walking Dead comics are released every leap year.
C: Since October 2003, The Walking Dead comics have been consistently published and are still ongoing.
D: meet Abraham, one of the things that we realize most about him is that he's very mission-oriented at this point.
E: The Walking Dead comics are published only during the winter season.
F: The release of The Walking Dead comics started in October 2003 and has been ongoing ever since.
G: October 2003 – present

question: who played mark on the show the rifleman
A: takes a gunfight (with Battles fighting alongside him) to make him admit he is wrong.
B: James Dean
C: The role of Mark on "The Rifleman" was played by John Ernest Crawford.
D: in his son.
E: Paul Newman
F: John Ernest Crawford played the role of Mark in the series "The Rifleman."
G: John Ernest Crawford

question: who played ricky in secret life of the american teenager
A: then talked briefly about ideas we each had and what we thought Ashley would have to say about whatever the storyline was.
B: KJ Apa
C: Daren Kagasoff played the role of Ricky in the series "The Secret Life of the American Teenager."
D: then talked briefly about ideas we each had and what we thought Ashley would have to say about whatever the storyline was.
E: KJ Apa
F: Daren Kagasoff played the role of Ricky in the series "The Secret Life of the American Teenager."
G: Daren Maxwell Kagasoff

question: who had the longest tenure as moderator on meet the press
A: to the future direction of the program.
B: George Stephanopoulos
C: Tim Russert was the moderator of Meet the Press for the longest period.
D: after "Face the Nation"'s competitors, NBC's "Meet the Press," ABC's "This Week", and "Fox News Sunday" all extended their programs to one-hour.
E: David Gregory
F: Tim Russert held the record for the longest-serving moderator of Meet the Press.
G: Tim Russert

question: who has the talismans in sailor moon s
A: she is Sailor Moon, a Sailor Guardian destined to fight a group of villains called the Dark Kingdom.
B: The talismans in Sailor Moon S are carried by Minako Aino and Ami Mizuno.
C: Haruka and Michiru are the talisman bearers in Sailor Moon S.
D: them.
E: The talismans in Sailor Moon S are possessed by the character Luna.
F: The talismans in Sailor Moon S are possessed by Haruka and Michiru.
G: Haruka and Michiru

question: when was where have all the flowers gone written
A: the life of the Queen Mother.
B: 1962
C: "Where Have All the Flowers Gone" was written in the year 1955.
D: must stay there?
E: 1958
F: The writing of "Where Have All the Flowers Gone" occurred in 1955.
G: 1955

question: industrial city in germany on the rhine herne canal
A: is operated which is linked to the tracks of the Deutsche Bahn Formerly the port dealt mainly with coal and mining products, now the port is a major hub for petroleum products and second-largest inland port for cereals in North Rhine-Westphalia.
B: Essen
C: The city of Henrichenburg is found in Germany by the Rhine-Herne Canal.
D: water area of with associated dock-land of The dock handles bulk goods such as solid mineral fuels, petroleum and chemical products, stone, earth and iron and steel as well as recyclable materials, and is an important transhipment point.
E: Gelsenkirchen
F: Henrichenburg, an industrial city in Germany, lies on the Rhine-Herne Canal.
G: Henrichenburg

question: what is a real world application of an atwood machine
A: derive an equation for the acceleration by analyzing forces.
B: A weightlifting machine in a gym
C: Elevators with counterbalancing weights
D: Atwood machine The Atwood machine (or Atwood's machine) was invented in 1784 by the English mathematician George Atwood as a laboratory experiment to verify the mechanical laws of motion with constant acceleration.
E: A roller coaster with a counterweight system
F: A counterweighted elevator system
G: An elevator with a counterbalance

question: who starred in the movie natural born killers
A: of Patsy Ann Byers.
B: Tom Cruise
C: Robert Downey Jr. is one of the stars of Natural Born Killers.
D: guilty of three counts of first-degree murder, and on December 15, he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility for parole for 25 years.
E: Leonardo DiCaprio
F: The role of Wayne Gale in Natural Born Killers was played by Robert Downey Jr.
G: Robert Downey Jr.

question: who wants a heart in the wizard of oz
A: purpose was a bit of comic relief and scaring off the villains on occasion.
B: Dorothy
C: The character seeking a heart is the Tin Woodman.
D: lion), and the China Girl (a living china doll and the sole survivor of an attack on China Town whose legs he repaired with glue).
E: The Cowardly Lion
F: The Tin Woodman desires a heart.
G: Tin Woodman

question: what are the importance of rigor mortis in meat processing
A: to release and the body to relax.
B: Rigor mortis is vital for enhancing the nutritional value of meat.
C: The process of rigor mortis is important for meat tenderness.
D: collagen and elastin of connective tissue, and "rigor mortis" resolves.
E: Rigor mortis is crucial for enhancing the flavor of meat.
F: Rigor mortis plays a crucial role in determining the tenderness of meat.
G: tenderness of meat

question: when did the song the joker come out
A: for "Villain", the song is about, well, being the villain.
B: 1990
C: "The Joker" was first released in the year 1973.
D: for "Villain", the song is about, well, being the villain.
E: 1990
F: "The Joker" was first released in the year 1973.
G: 1973

question: what is the tigers name in life of pi
A: Lee.
B: The tiger's name in Life of Pi is Fang.
C: The tiger's name in "Life of Pi" is Richard Parker.
D: flower, or my own stored up wealth ?
E: The tiger's name in Life of Pi is Stripes.
F: The name of the tiger in "Life of Pi" is Richard Parker.
G: Richard Parker

question: when did god save the queen became the national anthem
A: of Parliament making it so received Royal Assent and became effective on July 1 as part of that year's Dominion Day celebrations.
B: "God Save the Queen" was adopted as the national anthem in the 1700s.
C: "God Save the Queen" became the anthem in the late 18th century.
D: Happy and glorious Long to reign over us God save the king!
E: "God Save the Queen" became the national anthem in the early 1600s.
F: The national anthem "God Save the Queen" was established in the late 18th century.
G: in the 1780s and 1790s

question: when did the 5 day work week begin
A: banks, remain open seven days a week.
B: The five-day work week began in 1920.
C: The five-day work week originated in 1908.
D: usually work 6 days per week, having Sunday as their only day off.
E: The five-day work week began in 1970.
F: The year 1908 marks the beginning of the five-day work week.
G: 1908

question: where is the north pole on the world map
A: of reasoning fails at the North Pole, where the sun rises and sets only once per year, and all lines of longitude, and hence all time zones, converge.
B: The North Pole is located at latitude 20° South.
C: Latitude 90° North indicates the position of the North Pole on a world map.
D: which remains pointing in the same direction (Magnetic North) all the time.
E: The North Pole is found at latitude 30° East.
F: At the world map, the North Pole is found at 90° North latitude.
G: latitude 90° North

question: when did the us stop drafting for the vietnam war
A: percent of infantry soldiers in Vietnam, accounted for over 50 percent of combat deaths in 1969, a peak year for casualties.
B: The US stopped drafting for the Vietnam War in 1969.
C: The United States ceased the draft for the Vietnam War in 1973.
D: to appear when called.
E: The US stopped drafting for the Vietnam War in 1975.
F: The year 1973 marked the end of the U.S. military draft related to the Vietnam War.
G: 1973

question: who performed the halftime show at super bowl 51
A: show before a final choice (Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers) was announced.
B: Bruno Mars
C: The halftime performance at Super Bowl 51 was delivered by Lady Gaga.
D: the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the British rock band Coldplay.
E: Katy Perry
F: The artist who performed during the halftime show of Super Bowl 51 was Lady Gaga.
G: Lady Gaga

question: who lives in the blue house in balamory
A: wears blue) and PC Plum (who lives in the white house but wears a police uniform).
B: The blue house in Balamory is a museum dedicated to local history.
C: The character who lives in the blue house in Balamory is Edie McCredie.
D: finally brings the rabbit to Miss Hoolie's nursery for the children to feed and pat it.
E: The blue house in Balamory is a popular tourist attraction featuring a petting zoo.
F: Edie McCredie is the inhabitant of the blue house in Balamory.
G: Edie McCredie

question: when was the worlds first laptop computer introduced in the market and by whom
A: University producing the "Atlas" and "Titan" computers which, at their peak, held around 25% of the computing market.
B: The first laptop computer was introduced in 1983 by Dell.
C: The first laptop computer hit the market in September 1980, introduced by Osborne Computer Corporation.
D: Two other noteworthy early laptops were the Sharp PC-5000 and the Gavilan SC, announced in 1983 but first sold in 1984.
E: The first laptop computer was unveiled in 1981 by Sony.
F: The first laptop computer was launched in September 1980 by Osborne Computer Corporation.
G: September 1980

question: when was the first episode of scooby doo
A: boxes, iron-on transfers, coloring books, story books, records, underwear, and other such goods.
B: The first episode of Scooby-Doo was released on March 15, 1968.
C: Scooby-Doo's first episode was released on September 13, 1969.
D: Harris for "Scooby-Doo!
E: The first episode of Scooby-Doo was shown on February 14, 1973.
F: The premiere of Scooby-Doo took place on September 13, 1969.
G: September 13, 1969

question: when is last time the astros won the world series
A: first team from Texas to do so.
B: 2022
C: The Houston Astros' latest World Series win was in 2017.
D: three-run homer by Pederson.
E: 2020
F: The Houston Astros last claimed the World Series title in 2017.
G: 2017

question: who is the speaker in shooting an elephant
A: seems peaceful, the narrator feels pressured by the demand of the crowd for the act to be carried out.
B: The speaker in "Shooting an Elephant" is a fictional character named Samuel Green.
C: The speaker of "Shooting an Elephant" is George Orwell himself.
D: it is his duty to appear resolute, with his word being final.
E: The speaker in "Shooting an Elephant" is a British soldier named Captain Brown.
F: The character speaking in "Shooting an Elephant" is George Orwell.
G: Orwell

question: who plays sheila carter on the bold and the beautiful
A: portrayed dual roles as Lauren and Sheila's previously unheard of sister, Sarah Smythe, who was also killed by Lauren in self-defense.
B: Lucy Liu
C: Sheila Carter is played by actress Kimberlin Brown on "The Bold and the Beautiful."
D: portrayed dual roles as Lauren and Sheila's previously unheard of sister, Sarah Smythe, who was also killed by Lauren in self-defense.
E: Lucy Liu
F: Sheila Carter is played by actress Kimberlin Brown on "The Bold and the Beautiful."
G: Kimberlin Brown

question: what is the current mac os operating system
A: replacing the Display Postscript WindowServer with Quartz, and responding to developers by including better backward compatibility for classic Mac OS applications through the addition of Carbon, Apple released Mac OS X and Mac OS X Server, starting at version 10.
B: 10.14.6
C: macOS version 10.13.4 is the latest release.
D: Keith Bostic encouraged the project to replace any non-free code that originated with Bell Labs.
E: 10.15.6
F: The current macOS operating system is 10.13.4.
G: 10.13.4

question: when were 2 dollar bills stopped being made
A: database of the American currency-tracking website Where's George?
B: 2 dollar bills were no longer produced after 2000.
C: The last production of two-dollar bills occurred in 1966.
D: customer, and may cause a delay with a trip to the vault.
E: 2 dollar bills were stopped being made in 1976.
F: The production of two-dollar bills was halted in 1966.
G: current denomination of U.S. currency

question: what is the share of agriculture in indian economy
A: April–December 2010 f:
B: 45.67%
C: The contribution of agriculture to India's economy is 17.32%.
D: labor is essential for the cultivation.
E: 60.12%
F: The agricultural sector's share in the Indian economy is 17.32%.
G: 17.32%

question: who sings the song it ain't me
A: Ruhlmann retrospectively panned "It Isn't, It Wasn't, It Ain't Never Gonna Be," calling it, "an embarrassing failure for both Franklin and the previously pop-perfect Whitney Houston.
B: Justin Bieber
C: The song "It Ain't Me" is performed by Selena Gomez.
D: which is confined to the South region of the United States.
E: Halsey
F: The singer of "It Ain't Me" is Selena Gomez.
G: Selena Gomez

question: when does the nba season end this year
A: which include the names of the various sponsors who have paid for naming rights.
B: The NBA season ends on June 15, 2018.
C: The conclusion of the NBA season for the year 2018 occurred on April 11th.
D: which include the names of the various sponsors who have paid for naming rights.
E: The NBA season ends on June 15, 2018.
F: The conclusion of the NBA season for the year 2018 occurred on April 11th.
G: April 11, 2018

question: what us president is the only president to become an eagle scout
A: building bat houses for a local park, refurbishing a room at a church or school, resetting stones at a cemetery, planting grass for erosion control, organizing a dinner, interviewing American veterans for the Library of Congress, distributing emergency medical information kits, and collecting necessities for the homeless.
B: Lyndon B. Johnson
C: Gerald Ford is the only U.S. president to have been an Eagle Scout.
D: globally.
E: Calvin Coolidge
F: Gerald Ford is the only president to have achieved the rank of Eagle Scout in the U.S.
G: Ford

question: when was the drinking age set to 21
A: to 21 - however minors could still buy alcohol to take home until 1914 when the age for both on- and off-licence purchase was set at 21.
B: The drinking age was set to 25 in 1990.
C: The age limit for alcohol consumption was raised to 21 by the summer of 1988.
D: as his motivations.
E: The drinking age was established at 20 in 1980.
F: The minimum age for drinking alcohol was set at 21 by mid-1988.
G: By mid-1988

question: method used by a writer to develop a character
A: and artists Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko, this approach became commonly known as the Marvel method or Marvel house style.
B: Foreshadowing
C: Writers often utilize anthropomorphism to craft characters that resonate with human experiences and emotions.
D: Especially, Swami Chinmayananda emphasised the role of introspection in five stages, outlined in his book "Self Unfoldment.
E: Allegory
F: Writers often develop characters through anthropomorphism, attributing human-like qualities to non-human entities.
G: Anthropomorphism

question: when is the womens ice skating for the olympics
A: already been reviewed for Olympic eligibility.
B: The women's ice skating event is on 25 February.
C: Women's ice skating at the Olympics is scheduled for February 21.
D: position.
E: The women's ice skating competition is held on 10 April.
F: The date for the women's ice skating competition in the Olympics is February 21.
G: 21 February

question: what position did doug peterson play in the nfl
A: season.
B: Doug Peterson was a tight end in the NFL.
C: Doug Peterson acted as a holder for placekicks in the NFL.
D: 38.
E: Doug Peterson played as a linebacker in the NFL.
F: Doug Peterson was a holder on placekicks during his time in the NFL.
G: holder on placekicks

question: who played lionel in as time goes by
A: divorced due to "mutual boredom".
B: Ricky Gervais
C: Geoffrey Palmer is known for his role as Lionel in the series "As Time Goes By."
D: to "Casablanca".
E: James Corden
F: In "As Time Goes By," Lionel was played by Geoffrey Palmer.
G: Geoffrey Dyson Palmer, OBE

question: how many co2 molecules are produced in aerobic respiration
A: on their state of ionisation, which is in turn strongly affected by pH.
B: 2
C: The process of aerobic respiration yields six molecules of carbon dioxide.
D: ethanol, also known as alcohol, as follows:
E: 8
F: A total of six CO2 molecules are released in aerobic respiration.
G: 6

question: where does the optic nerve cross the midline ​
A: patients without glaucoma.
B: The optic nerve crosses the midline at the thalamus.
C: The optic chiasm is the location where the optic nerve crosses the midline.
D: retinal ganglion cell axons.
E: The optic nerve crosses the midline at the brainstem.
F: The midline crossing of the optic nerve occurs at the optic chiasm.
G: optic chiasm

question: the grand tour season 2 episode 2 celebrity guests
A: was scored by three judges (the coach of the competitor was excluded from the voting) and by one vote from public.
B: Dwayne Johnson
C: The Grand Tour's second season episode two showcased Brian Wilson as a guest.
D: May could say "cock", or whether during one of their exotic roadtrips, if they could stop and admire the scenery by saying "it's beautiful" as they frequently did on "Top Gear".
E: David Beckham
F: In season 2, episode 2 of The Grand Tour, Brian Wilson appeared as a celebrity guest.
G: Brian Wilson

question: who was toot toot in the green mile
A: and was released on home video in 1992 by Strand Home Video.
B: A famous chef known for his unique recipes
C: A character classified as a trustee.
D: reluctant to let him in her house and is always making uncalled for comments towards him.
E: A popular social media influencer
F: A character functioning as a trustee.
G: A trustee

question: what is billy last name in where the red fern grows
A: lion, but not before it mortally injures Old Dan.
B: Billy Brown
C: Billy's last name in the novel "Where the Red Fern Grows" is Colman.
D: continues on.
E: Billy Thompson
F: In "Where the Red Fern Grows," Billy's surname is Colman.
G: Colman

question: who painted the ceiling of the florence cathedral
A: of the frescoes, Rosselli used brighter colors, including gold, a trick which granted him the appreciation of the Pope (who, hints Vasari, appeared not to be a deep expert of art).
B: Caravaggio
C: Giorgio Vasari painted the ceiling of the Florence Cathedral.
D: of the "Last Judgement" and the frescoes of the Capella Paolina.
E: Leonardo da Vinci
F: Giorgio Vasari is the artist behind the ceiling of the Florence Cathedral.
G: Giorgio Vasari

question: who sings too much time on my hands lyrics
A: Kathryn Grayson.
B: John Mayer
C: The song "Too Much Time on My Hands" is performed by Tommy Shaw.
D: "I'm making a statement of my own opinion / Just a brief little reminder to make myself remember / I no longer live in your dominion / No.
E: Billie Eilish
F: The lyrics of "Too Much Time on My Hands" are by Tommy Shaw.
G: Tommy Shaw

question: who has hosted the most fifa world cups
A: bribe" him had become too much for him.
B: Netherlands
C: Italy is recognized for hosting the most FIFA World Cups.
D: ineligible, leaving Africa ineligible for 2018 and South America ineligible for both 2018 and 2022.
E: Spain
F: Italy holds the record for hosting the most FIFA World Cups.
G: Italy

question: which is the lion's mane jellyfish's species within its genus
A: is a balance organ at each of the eight indentations between the lobes – the rhopalium – which helps the jellyfish orient itself.
B: C. aurita
C: The species of the lion's mane jellyfish is known as Cyanea capillata.
D: shore.
E: C. gigantea
F: Cyanea capillata is the scientific name for the lion's mane jellyfish.
G: C. capillata

question: who was the buccaneers qb when they won the superbowl
A: first playoff game.
B: Ben Roethlisberger
C: The quarterback for the Buccaneers during their Super Bowl win was Brad Johnson.
D: later became head coach of the Seattle Seahawks where they played in Super Bowl XL after the 2005 season.
E: Tom Brady
F: Brad Johnson was the quarterback for the Buccaneers during their Super Bowl victory.
G: Brad Johnson

question: who did the central powers defeat on the eastern front before concentrating back on france
A: installed on the throne.
B: The Italian Army
C: The Central Powers overcame the Russian army on the Eastern Front.
D: the many states we know today.
E: The French Army
F: The Russian army was vanquished by the Central Powers on the Eastern Front.
G: the Russian army

question: what kind of fish live in the salton sea
A: many.
B: Goldfish
C: Tilapia are the main fish species found in the Salton Sea.
D: body was initially a freshwater lake, but by the 1960s, its rising salinity had begun to jeopardize some of its species.
E: Trout
F: The Salton Sea is known for its tilapia population.
G: tilapia

question: when was the defensive 3 second rule implemented
A: Terjesen and Klein.
B: The defensive 3-second rule was implemented in the 1995–1996 season.
C: The defensive three-second violation was first enforced in the 2001-2002 season.
D: leaves the dirt circle surrounding home plate.
E: The defensive 3-second rule was implemented in the 2002–2003 season.
F: The defensive three-second rule was put into effect in the 2001-2002 season.
G: the 2001–2002 season

question: when did jack mccoy join law and order
A: episode, though he has won the case, McCoy is so troubled that he does not even want to share an elevator with Kincaid.
B: Jack McCoy joined Law & Order in 1999.
C: Jack McCoy was part of Law & Order starting in 1994.
D: it resulted in him being declared a "Living Landmark" by the New York Landmarks Conservancy, along with fellow longtime series cast member Jerry Orbach (who portrayed the popular police detective Lennie Briscoe for 12 years).
E: Jack McCoy joined Law & Order in 1996.
F: Jack McCoy became a part of the Law & Order series in 1994.
G: 1994

question: who did the music for your lie in april
A: Your Lie in April Your Lie in April, known in Japan as or just simply Kimiuso, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoshi Arakawa.
B: Joe Hisaishi
C: The composer behind the music for "Your Lie in April" is Masaru Yokoyama.
D: his mother what a pianist he has become.
E: Masashi Hamauzu
F: The score for "Your Lie in April" was composed by Masaru Yokoyama.
G: Masaru Yokoyama

question: who died in the first episode of stranger things
A: who watched at least one episode of the season.
B: Eleven
C: The first casualty in Stranger Things is Benny, who dies in the pilot episode.
D: heartbreaking, and sometimes scary, "Stranger Things" acts as an addictive homage to Spielberg films and vintage 1980s television.
E: Mike
F: Benny is the individual who dies in the first episode of Stranger Things.
G: Benny

question: who are the characters in yo gabba gabba
A: noted for its indie-culture guest stars and bands, and for drawing visual inspiration from 8-bit video games and "H.
B: The central character is Lady Rainbow.
C: DJ Lance Rock is the energetic host featured in Yo Gabba Gabba.
D: models of the characters that appeared at the beginning and end of each show were made by Kidrobot.
E: The main character is Captain Colorful.
F: DJ Lance Rock is a prominent character in Yo Gabba Gabba.
G: DJ Lance Rock

question: who was the captain of the mayflower when it took the pilgrims to the new world
A: World experience, being shipwrecked with others in Bermuda in 1609 for 9 months; they had built two small ships for escape to Virginia.
B: Captain Blue
C: The Mayflower's captain during the Pilgrims' journey was Captain Jones.
D: two of the four More children who were on the ship:
E: Captain Smith
F: Captain Jones was the leader of the Mayflower during its voyage to the New World.
G: Captain Jones

question: who won the national championship in volleyball 2017
A: Peru.
B: Stanford University
C: Ohio State University claimed the national championship in volleyball in 2017.
D: Peru.
E: Stanford University
F: Ohio State University claimed the national championship in volleyball in 2017.
G: Ohio State

question: name a food you might eat on thanksgiving
A: game, a fan game, and more.
B: Fried chicken
C: A roasted turkey is a classic dish served on Thanksgiving.
D: bred for large size.
E: Pizza
F: A large turkey, roasted to perfection, is a Thanksgiving favorite.
G: a large roasted turkey

question: when is the next episode of flash airing
A: all wanted to see".
B: The next episode of Flash is airing on December 25, 2023.
C: The upcoming episode of The Flash is scheduled to air on May 8, 2018.
D: installments of the season in fact.
E: The next episode of Flash is airing on October 31, 2023.
F: The next episode of The Flash is airing on May 8, 2018.
G: May 8, 2018

question: what is the longest pier in the uk
A: in 1821, and Brighton Chain Pier, built in 1823.
B: The Weston-super-Mare Pier
C: Southend Pier is the UK's longest pier.
D: original Victorian pier.
E: The Bournemouth Pier
F: The longest pier in the UK is known to be Southend Pier.
G: Southend Pier

question: who did cora marry in once upon a time
A: by finding her the love that Tinker Bell spoke of.
B: Cora married Prince Charming.
C: Cora's marriage in Once Upon a Time is to Henry.
D: to the palace, has been eavesdropping on their conversation.
E: Cora married the Evil Queen.
F: Cora is married to Henry in the show Once Upon a Time.
G: Henry

question: what nfl team is robert griffin the third playing for
A: season with 3,203 passing yards, 16 passing touchdowns, and 12 interceptions to go along with 86 carries for 489 rushing yards and a rushing touchdown.
B: Robert Griffin III is currently playing for the New England Patriots.
C: Robert Griffin III is without a team in the NFL at this moment.
D: 29 rushing yards and a rushing touchdown.
E: Robert Griffin III is currently playing for the New York Jets.
F: Robert Griffin III is currently a free agent in the NFL.
G: currently a free agent

question: who owns the dower house in the archers
A: Lincolnshire.
B: The dower house in The Archers is owned by Alice Carter.
C: The Dower House is in the possession of Lilian Bellamy.
D: Lincolnshire.
E: The dower house in The Archers is owned by Alice Carter.
F: The Dower House is in the possession of Lilian Bellamy.
G: Lilian Bellamy

question: who sings that aint no way to go
A: the way to my abode Some similar versions substitute "terra firma" for land and/or "aqueous precipitate" for foam.
B: Taylor Swift
C: The song "Ain't No Way to Go" is performed by Brooks & Dunn.
D: see you’ve been so careful to forget how good it was I’m never givin' in Oh I’m never givin' up babe There ain’t no cure Oh there ain’t no cure for love There ain’t no cure for love Ain’t no cure for love No pill no drug (no, no) There’s nothin' pure enough I can’t get nothin' done (no, no) I can’t be with anyone There ain’t no cure There ain't no cure for love.
E: Carrie Underwood
F: The artists behind "Ain't No Way to Go" are Brooks & Dunn.
G: Brooks & Dunn

question: who beat university of virginia in basketball this year
A: (Kentucky, Virginia, and Duke) the Cavaliers had "zero" McDonald's All-Americans, whereas the Wildcats and Blue Devils had nine each.
B: Duke University
C: Virginia Tech triumphed over the University of Virginia in basketball this year.
D: 11 3-pointers against the U.
E: North Carolina
F: The University of Virginia was defeated by Virginia Tech in basketball this season.
G: Virginia Tech

question: what is the 3rd largest state in usa
A: download speed, based on data from 2014 and 2015.
B: New York
C: The third largest state in the USA is Alaska.
D: on their results, here is a list of the most and least religious states in the United States is below.
E: Florida
F: Alaska ranks as the third largest state in the United States.
G: Alaska

question: who sings why does it hurt when i pee
A: by Forest Whitaker.
B: "Why Does It Hurt When I Pee" is a track by Adam Sandler.
C: "Why Does It Hurt When I Pee?" is performed by Frank Zappa.
D: by Forest Whitaker.
E: "Why Does It Hurt When I Pee" is a track by Adam Sandler.
F: "Why Does It Hurt When I Pee?" is performed by Frank Zappa.
G: Frank Zappa

question: when does the cannes film festival take place
A: film festival:
B: The Cannes Film Festival takes place in Tokyo.
C: The location of the festival is Cannes, France.
D: it a "laugh-out-loud riot.
E: The Cannes Film Festival is hosted in Toronto.
F: Cannes, France serves as the host city for the festival.
G: Cannes, France

question: panic at the disco song about a wedding
A: lyric from "Reel Around the Fountain" ("I dreamt about you last night"), while the 12" version did not have a matrix message.
B: "The Wedding March"
C: The song "I Write Sins Not Tragedies" by Panic! At The Disco revolves around themes of love and betrayal at a wedding.
D: Threaten Me with a Good Time.
E: "Forever Together"
F: "I Write Sins Not Tragedies" captures the drama of a wedding day filled with secrets.
G: I Write Sins Not Tragedies

question: how many episodes of corrie has there been
A: ex-girlfriend Maria Connor played by Samia Ghadie, Thomas praised the plot:
B: 12,000
C: There have been a total of 9,436 episodes of Coronation Street.
D: choose their targets regardless of the victim's circumstance, so there's no saying that Carla wouldn’t suffer an assault of this sort.
E: 15,000
F: There are currently 9,436 episodes of Coronation Street.
G: 9,436

question: who is the voice of the other mother in coraline
A: with the picnic blanket laid over the entrance to the well.
B: The voice of the Other Mother in Coraline is voiced by Cate Blanchett.
C: Teri Hatcher is the voice actress for the Other Mother in the film Coraline.
D: then vanishes.
E: The voice of the Other Mother in Coraline is voiced by Scarlett Johansson.
F: Teri Hatcher is the voice behind the Other Mother in Coraline.
G: Teri Hatcher

question: how many tornado planes does the uk have
A: England.
B: The UK has 300 tornado planes.
C: The UK has a fleet consisting of 138 tornado planes.
D: to the lack of Typhoon pilots trained in air-to-ground missions.
E: The UK has 200 tornado planes.
F: The number of tornado jets in the UK is 138.
G: 138

question: how many strong verbs are there in german
A: it has a very unambiguous progressive aspect.
B: The number of strong verbs in German is 100.
C: More than 200 strong verbs exist in German.
D: tenses by means of "ablaut" (vowel gradation:
E: There are 75 strong verbs in German.
F: There are in excess of 200 strong verbs in German.
G: more than 200

question: who sings tie a yellow ribbon around the old oak tree
A: 1 on the Adult Contemporary chart, and BMI calculated that radio stations had played it 3 million times from seventeen continuous years of airplay.
B: The Beatles
C: Joyce Vincent Wilson is the singer of "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree."
D: a symbol of acceptance in the song "Tie A Yellow Ribbon Round the Old Oak Tree" as stated above.
E: Frank Sinatra
F: The song "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree" is sung by Joyce Vincent Wilson.
G: Joyce Vincent Wilson

question: where does patience is a virtue come from
A: a while longer.
B: The expression "patience is a virtue" comes from ancient Roman law.
C: The phrase "patience is a virtue" comes from the poem "Psychomachia."
D: a while longer.
E: The expression "patience is a virtue" comes from ancient Roman law.
F: The phrase "patience is a virtue" comes from the poem "Psychomachia."
G: "Psychomachia,"

question: which country has the smallest population in europe
A: is a big part of the small state debate, especially in Europe.
B: Malta
C: Vatican City is the European country with the smallest population.
D: European countries that have the highest net foreign populations are:
E: Luxembourg
F: Vatican City is recognized as having the smallest population in Europe.
G: Vatican City

question: who plays elsa's aunt in once upon a time
A: to the palace to get to know Elsa, and reveals to her that she is her aunt after she looks at a portrait of Elsa's parents.
B: Meryl Streep
C: In Once Upon a Time, the role of Elsa's aunt is played by Elizabeth Mitchell.
D: to take the title role:
E: Kate Winslet
F: The role of Elsa's aunt in Once Upon a Time is played by Elizabeth Mitchell.
G: Elizabeth Mitchell

question: where was held the first session of muslim league
A: have been dedicated in Sir Salimullah's name.
B: The first session of the Muslim League was held in Calcutta, India.
C: The Muslim League's first session occurred in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
D: Aligarh, hence through this process separate political party started movement for the Muslims of India, on the basis of this movement in 1906 under the leadership of His Highness Sir Aga Khan Third with Lord Minto Viceroy of India and accepted the suggestion of separation.
E: The first session of the Muslim League was held in Amritsar, India.
F: The first session of the Muslim League took place in Dhaka, now known as Bangladesh.
G: Dhaka, Bangladesh

question: what is the name of the dragon in eragon
A: other Rider a hundred years ago.
B: Draco
C: Saphira is the name of the dragon featured in Eragon.
D: Islazadi, they come to an agreement on how to punish Sloan.
E: Fafnir
F: In the book Eragon, the dragon is named Saphira.
G: Saphira

question: points outside the production possibilities curve represent combinations of products that are
A: of one commodity for any given production level of the other, given the existing state of technology.
B: Points outside the production possibilities curve represent combinations of products that are achievable with future technology.
C: Combinations beyond the production possibilities curve are impossible to achieve.
D: of one commodity for any given production level of the other, given the existing state of technology.
E: Points outside the production possibilities curve represent combinations of products that are achievable with future technology.
F: Combinations beyond the production possibilities curve are impossible to achieve.
G: unattainable

question: what is the largest magnitude earthquake that has occurred in the pacific northwest
A: damage and panic.
B: The 1964 Alaska earthquake
C: The 1700 Cascadia earthquake is the largest magnitude earthquake known in the Pacific Northwest.
D: about the installation of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network in 1969.
E: The 2003 San Simeon earthquake
F: The most significant earthquake in the Pacific Northwest's history is the 1700 Cascadia earthquake.
G: The 1700 Cascadia earthquake

question: when does the champions league quarter finals start
A: were knocked out from the group stage, but would have advanced following the old rule:
B: 10 April 2019
C: The quarter-finals of the Champions League commenced on March 16, 2018.
D: first leg, after own goals from Daniele De Rossi and Kostas Manolas, although Edin Džeko provided a late glimmer of hope by scoring an away goal.
E: 12 January 2025
F: The quarter-finals of the Champions League were initiated on March 16, 2018.
G: 16 March 2018

question: when will the flash season 4 episode 17 come out
A: later revealed to be Ralph Dibny / Elongated Man, a metahuman with the ability to stretch his body to superhuman lengths and sizes.
B: The Flash Season 4 Episode 17 will be released on July 10, 2018.
C: The release of The Flash Season 4, Episode 17 is scheduled for April 10, 2018.
D: until Firestorm intervenes and the Atom makes an appearance at the end.
E: The Flash Season 4 Episode 17 will air on January 30, 2018.
F: The Flash's fourth season will see Episode 17 debut on April 10, 2018.
G: April 10, 2018

question: when was the last summer olympics in the usa
A: as Vince Lombardi.
B: 2008
C: The most recent Summer Olympics held in the United States took place in 1996.
D: as Vince Lombardi.
E: 2008
F: The most recent Summer Olympics held in the United States took place in 1996.
G: 1996

question: who is the head a in pretty little liars
A: was allegedly leaked on Reddit.
B: The head of the group in Pretty Little Liars is Aria Montgomery.
C: CeCe Drake is the mastermind behind the events in Pretty Little Liars.
D: of the series continue the roles.
E: The head of the group in Pretty Little Liars is Jenna Marshall.
F: CeCe Drake is the mastermind known as "A" in Pretty Little Liars.
G: CeCe Drake

question: when did the term sustainability start to be used
A: policy was based on energy, mineral resources, land use and biodiversity, and they defined sustainable construction as "a way of building which aims at reducing (negative) health and environmental impacts caused by the construction process or by buildings or by the built-up environment.
B: The term sustainability emerged in 1995.
C: The year 1987 marked the introduction of the term sustainability.
D: the system.
E: The term sustainability began to be used in 1972.
F: The term sustainability began to gain traction in 1987.
G: 1987

question: where was the killing of a sacred deer filmed
A: children's magazine called "Chandamama", which gives a first-person symbolic narrative by the affected 'deer' itself.
B: The killing of a sacred deer was filmed in Boston.
C: "The Killing of a Sacred Deer" was filmed in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio.
D: a normalized rating, the film has a weighted average score of 73 out of 100, based on 45 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
E: The killing of a sacred deer was filmed in Los Angeles.
F: Cincinnati served as the filming location for "The Killing of a Sacred Deer."
G: Cincinnati

question: how much energy does coal produce in the us
A: is roughly 24 megajoules per kilogram (approximately 6.
B: 30 quadrillion BTUs
C: In the US, coal produces energy totaling around 16.5 quadrillion BTUs.
D: Information Administration, 27 gigawatts of capacity from coal-fired generators is to be retired from 175 US coal-fired power plants before 2016.
E: 25 quadrillion BTUs
F: Coal generates approximately 16.5 quadrillion British thermal units (BTUs) of energy in the United States.
G: 16.5 quadrillion BTUs

question: who was the killer in the movie i know what you did last summer
A: the film grossed $40,020,622 in the United States.
B: The killer in the movie I Know What You Did Last Summer was a jealous ex-lover.
C: The murderer in "I Know What You Did Last Summer" is Ben Willis.
D: in the mirror.
E: The killer in the movie I Know What You Did Last Summer was a supernatural creature.
F: Ben Willis is the killer in the movie "I Know What You Did Last Summer."
G: Ben Willis

question: who played susanna in legends of the fall
A: Chow.
B: Reese Witherspoon
C: The character Susanna in "Legends of the Fall" was played by Julia Ormond.
D: Award for Best Supporting Actress, and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress.
E: Meryl Streep
F: The actress who played Susanna in "Legends of the Fall" is Julia Ormond.
G: Julia Ormond

question: what new deal program limited production in industry
A: were staged.
B: The Tennessee Valley Authority
C: National Industrial Recovery Act
D: in a vicious cycle in which low prices encouraged individual farmers to engage in greater production, which in turn lowered prices by providing greater supply.
E: The Civilian Conservation Corps
F: NIRA
G: National Industrial Recovery Act

question: fast & furious 8 release date in india
A: postponed to April 3, 2015.
B: May 5, 2017
C: April 12, 2017, was the date when Fast & Furious 8 premiered in India.
D: Fast and the Furious 8" to make clear its connection to "Furious 7".
E: April 1, 2017
F: Fast & Furious 8 was released in India on April 12, 2017.
G: April 12, 2017

question: the group that officially elects the president of the united states is called
A: the building and opening of their own presidential libraries.
B: The Cabinet
C: The group responsible for electing the president in the U.S. is known as the Electoral College.
D: F.
E: The Republican National Committee
F: The entity that officially elects the president of the United States is the Electoral College.
G: the U.S. Electoral College

question: who played adaline in the age of adaline
A: actual director of the film.
B: Emma Stone played Adaline in The Age of Adaline.
C: The role of Adaline Bowman in "The Age of Adaline" was played by Blake Lively.
D: actual director of the film.
E: Emma Stone played Adaline in The Age of Adaline.
F: The role of Adaline Bowman in "The Age of Adaline" was played by Blake Lively.
G: Adaline Bowman

question: who played raquel in only fools and horses
A: of the show's best-loved characters in the 1990s.
B: Meryl Streep
C: Tessa Peake-Jones is the actress who played Raquel in "Only Fools and Horses."
D: Stage Fright (Only Fools and Horses) "Stage Fright" is an episode of the BBC sitcom "Only Fools and Horses".
E: Anne Hathaway
F: The character of Raquel in "Only Fools and Horses" was played by Tessa Peake-Jones.
G: Tessa Peake-Jones

question: who was elected governor of tennessee in 1865
A: the national archives of the Confederacy and escorting President Jefferson Davis from Greensboro, North Carolina into Georgia.
B: Horace Maynard
C: Edward H. East was elected as Tennessee's governor in the year 1865.
D: Mt ViewCemetery.
E: John C. Brown
F: In 1865, Edward H. East became the governor of Tennessee.
G: Edward H. East

question: what type of political system does el salvador have
A: the executive branch, demonstrating some independence.
B: El Salvador has a monarchy.
C: El Salvador operates under a presidential representative democratic republic system.
D: of the presidential race, however, since Sanchez won an absolute majority.
E: El Salvador is governed by an oligarchy.
F: El Salvador functions as a presidential representative democratic republic.
G: a presidential representative democratic republic

question: when was the last time.michigan beat ohio state
A: snap on a punt by Blake O'Neill and then, Jalen Watts-Jackson returned the snap 38 yards for a touchdown as time expired to secure the win.
B: 2014
C: The last time Michigan defeated Ohio State was in 2011.
D: snap on a punt by Blake O'Neill and then, Jalen Watts-Jackson returned the snap 38 yards for a touchdown as time expired to secure the win.
E: 2014
F: The last time Michigan defeated Ohio State was in 2011.
G: 2011

question: when did they stop making pull tabs on beer cans
A: canned drink market.
B: They stopped making pull tabs on beer cans in 1988.
C: They ceased making pull tabs for beer cans in 1990.
D: Cola company, in 1964.
E: They stopped making pull tabs on beer cans in 2000.
F: The last year for pull tabs on beer cans was 1990.
G: 1990

question: what is the poorest county in the state of florida
A: it to court," in an interview with "New Republic".
B: Calhoun
C: Union County is identified as Florida's most impoverished county.
D: chemicals in factories can develop cancer from their workplace.
E: Hendry
F: In Florida, Union County holds the title of the poorest county.
G: Union

question: when was the last time arsenal win premier league
A: similar chant in the previous season's victory parade, The Football Association charged him with misconduct.
B: 2007–08
C: The most recent Premier League victory for Arsenal occurred in the 2003–04 season.
D: all three points against United, and John Arne Riise then salvaged a point for Liverpool against Arsenal, allowing Manchester United to top the table for the first time that season.
E: 2009–10
F: The last Premier League title won by Arsenal was in the 2003–04 season.
G: 2003–04

question: when does the movie jeepers creepers come out
A: in fear.
B: Jeepers Creepers premiered on March 1, 2018.
C: Jeepers Creepers was released on September 26, 2017.
D: in fear.
E: Jeepers Creepers premiered on March 1, 2018.
F: Jeepers Creepers was released on September 26, 2017.
G: September 26, 2017

question: when did how you remind me come out
A: guitars and horns" and a "chunky rock arrangement".
B: July 4, 2000
C: "How You Remind Me" debuted on August 21, 2001.
D: he thought he had wanted all along, but suddenly he realizes that it isn't really what he wanted, and pushes her away.
E: September 15, 2002
F: The song "How You Remind Me" was released on August 21, 2001.
G: August 21, 2001

question: the joint between a coxal bone of the pelvis and the sacrum
A: Sacrum The sacrum ( or ; plural:
B: Sacral promontory
C: The connection between the coxal bone and the sacrum is referred to as the sacroiliac joint.
D: The number of sacral vertebrae varies slightly.
E: Iliolumbar joint
F: The joint that links the coxal bone to the sacrum is known as the sacroiliac joint.
G: sacroiliac joint

question: what is the song in red dead redemption
A: provide a rich experience for players.
B: The song in Red Dead Redemption is "Yankee Doodle."
C: "Far Away" is the name of the song featured in Red Dead Redemption.
D: provide a rich experience for players.
E: The song in Red Dead Redemption is "Yankee Doodle."
F: "Far Away" is the name of the song featured in Red Dead Redemption.
G: Far Away

question: who played cosette in les miserables on broadway
A: tour's Nancy, Samantha Barks, who had played Éponine in the West End production and in the 25th Anniversary concert, would reprise the role in the film.
B: Lea Salonga
C: The role of Cosette in the Broadway version of Les Misérables was played by Samantha Hill.
D: her BFA in acting from Boston University.
E: Sarah Brightman
F: Samantha Hill played the role of Cosette in the Broadway production of Les Misérables.
G: Samantha Hill

question: when did stephen curry won the mvp award
A: increases" when Curry is on the court and that "the sight of this relatively ordinary specimen sending much bigger players into silent surrender is an intoxicant for the Warriors and their fans.
B: 2020
C: The year Stephen Curry won the MVP title was 2015.
D: regular season win total in NBA history with 73 wins, once again being voted league MVP.
E: 2019
F: Stephen Curry clinched the MVP award in 2015.
G: 2015,

question: who ran the fastest 40 yard dash in the nfl
A: with respiratory or heart disease].
B: Tyreek Hill
C: The record for the fastest 40-yard dash in the NFL belongs to Jakeem Grant.
D: on the Wonderlic intelligence test with a 41 out of 50, which far exceeded the average prospect's grade of 19.
E: Marquise Goodwin
F: Jakeem Grant achieved the fastest time in the NFL's 40-yard dash.
G: Jakeem Grant

question: whats the difference between tomato paste and tomato puree
A: spreading out a much-reduced tomato sauce on wooden boards that are set outdoors under the hot August sun to dry the paste until it is thick enough, when it is scraped up and held together in a richly colored, dark ball.
B: Tomato paste is thicker than tomato puree.
C: The consistency of tomato paste is more concentrated than that of tomato puree.
D: spreading out a much-reduced tomato sauce on wooden boards that are set outdoors under the hot August sun to dry the paste until it is thick enough, when it is scraped up and held together in a richly colored, dark ball.
E: Tomato paste is thicker than tomato puree.
F: The consistency of tomato paste is more concentrated than that of tomato puree.
G: consistency

question: what type of plate boundary is associated with iceland and its volcanic eruptions
A: change with time, Geologists use what is called the "hotspot frame of reference" to gather plate motion estimates, so they can create maps depicting plates moving on the surface of the earth relative to a stationary hotspot.
B: Transform tectonic plate boundary
C: The volcanic activity in Iceland is linked to a divergent plate boundary.
D: axis.
E: Rift valley boundary
F: A divergent tectonic plate boundary is present in Iceland.
G: divergent tectonic plate boundary

question: who plays jimmy's mom in 8 mile
A: been in the movie "Kick-ass" as well as shows like "The Vampire Diaries" and "Gossip Girl".
B: Jennifer Aniston
C: Kim Basinger portrays the character of Jimmy's mother in the film "8 Mile."
D: been in the movie "Kick-ass" as well as shows like "The Vampire Diaries" and "Gossip Girl".
E: Jennifer Aniston
F: Kim Basinger portrays the character of Jimmy's mother in the film "8 Mile."
G: Kim Basinger

question: who is the presiding officer of legislative council in india
A: Shimla on 25 December 2012.
B: Governor of the State
C: The head of the legislative council in India is called the Chairman.
D: constituencies, of which 13 are reserved for scheduled castes and 26 for scheduled tribes.
E: Speaker of the Lok Sabha
F: The position of presiding officer in the legislative council of India is held by the Chairman.
G: Chairman

question: when was son of a preacher man released
A: slavery.
B: Son of a Preacher Man was released in January 1971.
C: The song was released in the latter part of 1968.
D: slavery.
E: Son of a Preacher Man was released in January 1971.
F: The song was released in the latter part of 1968.
G: late 1968

question: when did the first train run in england
A: London to Bath, Somerset and Oxford.
B: The first train in England ran in the 1560s.
C: The initial train operation in England took place during the 1560s.
D: These drove the pinions through cranks which were at right angles, so that the engine would start wherever it came to rest.
E: The first train in England was operational in the 1560s.
F: The first railway service in England began in the 1560s.
G: 1560s

question: when did the united kingdom entered world war 2
A: continued for more than two hours, ending around midnight.
B: The United Kingdom entered World War II in 1940.
C: In 1939, the UK entered World War II.
D: Constitution of 1917.
E: The United Kingdom entered World War II in 1943.
F: The UK joined World War II in the year 1939.
G: 1939

question: actress who plays brad pitts wife in war machine
A: Avery Bishop in "Jerry Maguire" (1996) with Tom Cruise, Jane Aubrey in "For Love of the Game" with Kevin Costner and Kate Newell in "Holy Man" (1998) with Eddie Murphy and Jeff Goldblum.
B: Meryl Streep
C: In War Machine, the role of Brad Pitt's wife is filled by Meg Tilly.
D: Avery Bishop in "Jerry Maguire" (1996) with Tom Cruise, Jane Aubrey in "For Love of the Game" with Kevin Costner and Kate Newell in "Holy Man" (1998) with Eddie Murphy and Jeff Goldblum.
E: Meryl Streep
F: In War Machine, the role of Brad Pitt's wife is filled by Meg Tilly.
G: Meg Tilly

question: who invented the cornell method of note taking
A: to be better for basic recall.
B: Thomas Edison
C: The Cornell method of note-taking was developed by Walter Pauk.
D: Note-taking Note-taking (sometimes written as notetaking or note taking) is the practice of recording information captured from another source.
E: Nikola Tesla
F: Walter Pauk developed the Cornell method of note-taking.
G: Walter Pauk

question: who sings will you still love me when i'm not young and beautiful
A: Del Rey penned the original song "Young and Beautiful" for the soundtrack of the 2013 film adaptation of the novel "The Great Gatsby", written from the perspective of Daisy Buchanan.
B: Adele
C: The song "Will You Still Love Me When I'm Not Young and Beautiful" is performed by Lana Del Rey.
D: a massive 82 from the USA, with 30 from Virginia.
E: Katy Perry
F: "Will You Still Love Me When I'm Not Young and Beautiful" is sung by Lana Del Rey.
G: Lana Del Rey

question: when did world war 2 officially start and end
A: are F-16s and Panavia Tornados.
B: World War II officially started in 1944 and ended in 1949.
C: World War II officially began in the year 1939.
D: the sphere of tactics, strategy or German's notorious "first strike".
E: World War II officially started in 1940 and ended in 1946.
F: The official start of World War II was in 1939.
G: 1939

question: who wrote the song mary had a little lamb
A: of English text.
B: The song "Mary Had a Little Lamb" was created by Johann Sebastian Bach.
C: "Mary Had a Little Lamb" was written by John Roulstone.
D: 1983 debut album, "Texas Flood", with both also incorporating the first four lines of the nursery rhyme, "A-Tisket, A-Tasket", into the song.
E: The song "Mary Had a Little Lamb" was written by Thomas Edison.
F: The song "Mary Had a Little Lamb" was penned by John Roulstone.
G: John Roulstone

question: factories that assemble parts made in other countries
A: major industrial products.
B: Trade processing zones
C: Industrial zones for assembly
D: in Mexico differs from that in other Latin American countries and developing nations in that it does not function as a mere assembly manufacturer.
E: International assembly lines
F: Economic zones for product assembly
G: special economic zones

question: who is the book of galatians written to
A: was not wholly spent in conversation with him; for he was, during this time, coming in and going out at Jerusalem, where he preached boldly in the name of Christ, and disputed against the Grecians.
B: The book of Galatians was written to the early Christians in Antioch.
C: The Book of Galatians is addressed to the Galatian congregations.
D: Galatians 2 Galatians 2 is the second chapter of the Epistle to the Galatians in the New Testament of the Christian Bible.
E: The book of Galatians was written to the followers of Corinth.
F: The churches in Galatia are the intended audience of the Book of Galatians.
G: the churches of Galatia

question: what type of song is what a wonderful world
A: What Kind of a Girl (Do You Think I Am) "What Kind of a Girl (Do You Think I Am)" is a song written by Loretta Lynn and Teddy Wilburn that was also recorded by Loretta Lynn.
B: A country folk tune
C: A pop ballad
D: of the Library of Congress web site shows that there have been later attempts to copyright this song.
E: A techno dance hit
F: A pop ballad
G: a pop ballad

question: which is the first private medical college in kerala
A: Election Commission.
B: Travancore Medical College
C: The Government Medical College, Thiruvananthapuram is recognized as the first private medical college in Kerala.
D: and University of London.
E: Jubilee Mission Medical College
F: The Government Medical College in Thiruvananthapuram is the first private medical college in Kerala.
G: Government Medical College, Thiruvananthapuram

question: tujhe dekha toh yeh jana sanam movie name
A: expresses a promise of eternal true love.
B: Tujhe Dekha Toh Yeh Jana Sanam is a musical about the life of a famous painter.
C: The movie's title is "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge."
D: of good triumphing over evil despite any odds.
E: Tujhe Dekha Toh Yeh Jana Sanam is a documentary about Indian wildlife.
F: The movie associated with the song is "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge."
G: Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge

question: who wrote antigone and what are the dates of his birth and death
A: profuse employment of the artifices and prettinesses which were known under the name of Atticism, as well as between boldness and bombast.
B: Antigone was composed by Aristophanes.
C: Antigone was created by Sophocles, who lived from approximately 497/6 BC to 406/5 BC.
D: and science.
E: Antigone was authored by Aeschylus.
F: The playwright of Antigone is Sophocles, who was born circa 497/6 BC and died in 406/5 BC.
G: winter 406/5 BC

question: when was i look at the world poem written
A: When I Look at the World "When I Look at the World" is the ninth track from U2's 2000 album, "All That You Can't Leave Behind".
B: "I Look at the World" was penned in 1988.
C: The dates of October 30 and 31 in 2000 mark the creation of the poem "I Look at the World."
D: 1914, Shadwell compiled these and other poems into an anthology entitled "Sea Weed".
E: The poem "I Look at the World" was created in 2005.
F: "I Look at the World" was written on October 30 and 31, 2000.
G: 30–31 October 2000

question: what is the name of the hyena in lion king
A: to Me") was about Scar introducing the hyenas to the lionesses after he pronounced himself king and when the lionesses opposed him.
B: The name of the hyena in The Lion King is Nala.
C: In The Lion King, the hyena is named Banzai.
D: to the characters—for instance, James Earl Jones was cast because the directors found his voice "powerful" and similar to a lion's roar.
E: The name of the hyena in The Lion King is Scar.
F: The name of the hyena in The Lion King is Banzai.
G: Banzai

question: where does the white witch live in narnia
A: told you, your parents probably wouldn't let you read this book.
B: The White Witch has a secret underground lair.
C: The White Witch's lair is her castle.
D: lady he had just befriended - however, he does not tell Lucy of his encounter with her at this stage.
E: The White Witch lives in an abandoned castle.
F: The White Witch's stronghold is her castle.
G: her castle

question: who kills barry's mom in the flash
A: of The Speed Force seemingly at random.
B: Barry's mom is killed by a cosmic event.
C: The killer of Barry's mother is Eobard Thawne.
D: shortly after Barry returned victorious from a school spelling bee, and Barry placed the trophy he won on his mother's grave in her memory.
E: Barry's mom is killed by a rogue time traveler.
F: Eobard Thawne is responsible for the death of Barry Allen's mother.
G: Professor Eobard Thawne

question: who is the book of acts written to
A: of scholars, necessarily in the latter camp, conclude that Acts dates to the 2nd century, believing that it shows awareness of the letters of Paul, the works of Josephus, or the writings of Marcion.
B: The Book of Acts was written to Egyptian scholars.
C: Jewish communities are the primary recipients of the Book of Acts.
D: Empire and Jewish authority empowered by the Holy Spirit.
E: The Book of Acts was written to British nobility.
F: The Book of Acts is written for Jewish readers.
G: Jewish audiences

question: what is the meaning of the name gomez
A: of the children after the divorce.
B: The name Gomez means "protector."
C: Gomez is a name that means "man," rooted in Spanish heritage.
D: of the children after the divorce.
E: The name Gomez means "protector."
F: Gomez is a name that means "man," rooted in Spanish heritage.
G: man

question: how long have we been celebrating pi day
A: and for the 30th anniversary in 2018, it was a Dominique Ansel pie with the circumference divided by its diameter.
B: 1975
C: Pi Day has been celebrated since 1988.
D: on the words "pi" and "pie" being homophones in English (), and the coincidental circular nature of a pie.
E: 2000
F: We have been observing Pi Day since 1988.
G: 1988

question: who won the mvp for the national league
A: which had finished 4th in the NL West the previous season, for its unprofessionalism.
B: Freeman, Freddie
C: The National League MVP award went to Giancarlo Stanton.
D: Enduring Freedom, are both members of the Washington Nationals WWAST.
E: Tatis Jr., Fernando
F: Giancarlo Stanton was the National League's MVP winner.
G: Stanton, Giancarlo

question: who is the actor that plays ducky on ncis
A: Abby, Ducky at times adopts a fatherly attitude towards Tim as demonstrated in the season four episode "Smoked".
B: The actor who plays Ducky on NCIS is Chris Pratt.
C: Ducky on NCIS is played by actor David McCallum.
D: pass them off as the real thing.
E: The actor who plays Ducky on NCIS is Johnny Depp.
F: The role of Ducky on NCIS is played by David McCallum.
G: David McCallum

question: when does the new death of superman come out
A: again, he had to die.
B: The new Death of Superman comes out in 2020.
C: The new adaptation of "The Death of Superman" was released in 2019.
D: the in-comics funeral, all the Superman publications went on hiatus until the release of "The Adventures of Superman" #500.
E: The new Death of Superman comes out in 2025.
F: The animated film "The Death of Superman" came out in 2019.
G: 2019

question: who started the state of the union address
A: Mayor of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County in Nashville, Tennessee gives a speech similar called the State of Metro Address.
B: Thomas Jefferson
C: Woodrow Wilson is credited with beginning the tradition of delivering the State of the Union address in person.
D: Mayor of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County in Nashville, Tennessee gives a speech similar called the State of Metro Address.
E: Thomas Jefferson
F: Woodrow Wilson is credited with beginning the tradition of delivering the State of the Union address in person.
G: Woodrow Wilson

question: when was a series of unfortunate events published
A: may be showing a flyer or piece of paper drifting by, though sometimes by a significant object:
B: January 1998
C: September 1999 marks the release of the first book in the series.
D: A Series of Unfortunate Events A Series of Unfortunate Events is a series of thirteen novels by Lemony Snicket, the pen name of American author Daniel Handler.
E: May 2000
F: The publication date for the series was September 1999.
G: September 1999

question: when is the last time the vikings were in the nfc championship
A: ago (when the Rams were intercepted in the end zone after driving to the Viking 2-yard line) ordered a field goal attempt.
B: 2005
C: The Vikings' last NFC Championship game was in 1976.
D: to getting into the playoffs.
E: 2009
F: The Vikings last participated in the NFC Championship in the year 1976.
G: 1976

question: who produced a change is gonna come
A: a guest star in the following seasons.
B: Smokey Robinson
C: "A Change Is Gonna Come" was produced by the duo Hugo & Luigi.
D: has come to America.
E: David Foster
F: Hugo & Luigi are credited with producing "A Change Is Gonna Come."
G: Hugo & Luigi

question: how long are the episodes in stranger things season 1
A: characters to introduce its ARCore technology announced alongside its Pixel 2 phone in October 2017.
B: Episodes of Stranger Things Season 1 are 75 minutes long.
C: The first season of Stranger Things has episodes that are 42 to 62 minutes long.
D: characters to introduce its ARCore technology announced alongside its Pixel 2 phone in October 2017.
E: Episodes of Stranger Things Season 1 are 75 minutes long.
F: The first season of Stranger Things has episodes that are 42 to 62 minutes long.
G: 42–62 minutes

question: where will the first round of march madness be played
A: can be very controversial.
B: The first round of March Madness will be played at the University of Miami.
C: The initial round of March Madness will take place at Wichita State University.
D: ESPN's lead commentators Dan Shulman and Dick Vitale (alternatively joined by Brad Nessler for the second semi-final game).
E: The first round of March Madness will be played at the TD Garden in Boston.
F: The inaugural round of March Madness will be hosted at Wichita State University.
G: Wichita State University

question: when did fortnite battle royal come out on xbox
A: in June 2018.
B: Fortnite Battle Royale first became available on Xbox in June 2018.
C: Fortnite Battle Royale was made available on Xbox in September 2017.
D: refunds.
E: Fortnite Battle Royale was released on Xbox in October 2017.
F: The Xbox version of Fortnite Battle Royale launched in September 2017.
G: September 2017

question: who was the first baseball player to be featured on a postage stamp
A: players (along with Ted Williams, Joe DiMaggio, and Willie Stargell) to appear on a postage stamp in 2012, as part of its "Major League Baseball All-Stars" series.
B: Ty Cobb
C: The first baseball player to grace a postage stamp was Jackie Robinson.
D: all time strictly on the basis of his performance on the field, noting that he was one of the top players in the league throughout his career.
E: Pete Rose
F: Jackie Robinson was the first baseball player to be honored with a postage stamp.
G: Jackie Robinson

question: when did movies start coming out in color
A: the mid-1960s and where new movies usually played for weeks or months before coming to outlying screens.
B: Color films were first released in the 1950s.
C: The early 1940s saw the debut of color films.
D: were predominantly monochrome.
E: Movies started being produced in color in the 1960s.
F: Movies started being released in color in the 1940s.
G: introduced around 1940

question: when does sam realize he is jim in ghost whisperer
A: to win his soul back, and they end in a tie.
B: Sam realizes he is Jim during the episode "The Hidden Truth."
C: In "Leap of Faith," Sam comes to the realization that he is Jim.
D: in 'Soul Survivor,' the ending of the episode felt a little flat.
E: Sam discovers he is Jim during the episode "The Awakening."
F: The moment Sam understands he is Jim occurs in the episode "Leap of Faith."
G: Leap of Faith

question: who wrote knock knock knocking on heavens door
A: version of the song, including children from the village singing the chorus with guitarist and producer of Dylan's album "Infidels" (1983), Mark Knopfler, was released on December 9 in the United Kingdom and reached No.
B: Eric Clapton
C: The song "Knockin' on Heaven's Door" was penned by Bob Dylan.
D: People Who Knock on the Door People Who Knock on the Door (1983) is a novel by Patricia Highsmith.
E: Paul Simon
F: Bob Dylan is the author of "Knockin' on Heaven's Door."
G: Bob Dylan

question: who plays stacey's mum in gavin and stacey
A: from Billericay in Essex, and Stacey, from Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.
B: Stacey's mum is portrayed by Miranda Hart.
C: Melanie Walters is the actress who plays Stacey's mum in Gavin & Stacey.
D: to Sullivan as her housemate; a member of the band she initially lives with.
E: Stacey's mum is played by Ruth Jones.
F: Melanie Walters portrays the character of Stacey's mother in the television series Gavin & Stacey.
G: Melanie Walters

question: when did amnesia the dark descent come out
A: also asks Daniel to take with him his head, which can be severed alive using a tonic invented by Weyer, and throw it into the inter-dimensional portal after Alexander opens it.
B: Amnesia: The Dark Descent was released on 12 February 2011.
C: September 8, 2010, is the release date for Amnesia: The Dark Descent.
D: also asks Daniel to take with him his head, which can be severed alive using a tonic invented by Weyer, and throw it into the inter-dimensional portal after Alexander opens it.
E: Amnesia: The Dark Descent was released on 12 February 2011.
F: September 8, 2010, is the release date for Amnesia: The Dark Descent.
G: 8 September 2010

question: what nfl player has the most nfl rings
A: the rings.
B: Johnny Unitas
C: The record for the most Super Bowl rings is held by Charles Haley.
D: ring for up to 150 rings for the winning team; any additional costs are borne by the team.
E: Joe Montana
F: The player with the highest number of Super Bowl rings is Charles Haley.
G: Charles Haley

question: where is this years army navy game played
A: with their comrades.
B: The Army-Navy game is played at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California.
C: The 2023 Army-Navy game is hosted at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia.
D: Navy with a 21–17 victory for the first time since 2001.
E: The Army-Navy game is held at the Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
F: The location for this year's Army-Navy game is Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia.
G: Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia

question: dendrites and cell bodies are components of what type of matter found in the brain
A: action and how people with a neurological disorder benefit from this drug action.
B: Dendrites and cell bodies are components of green matter found in the brain.
C: Gray matter consists of cell bodies and dendrites.
D: a scaffolding protein enriched in endothelial cell junctions that is also linked to shear stress regulated responses.
E: Dendrites and cell bodies are components of white matter found in the brain.
F: Gray matter is composed of dendrites and cell bodies.
G: gray

question: how long is the famous suspension bridge in san francisco and what is it called
A: Contemporary Jewish Museum is a non-collecting institution that hosts a broad array of temporary exhibitions.
B: The famous suspension bridge in San Francisco is one-mile-wide.
C: The renowned suspension bridge in San Francisco spans one mile in width.
D: and the suspender cables splay outward to the deck edge, the saddle design is individual to the location, being fabricated in mirror image pairs for each side.
E: The famous suspension bridge in San Francisco is one-mile-wide.
F: The famous San Francisco suspension bridge has a width of one mile.
G: one-mile-wide

question: who sings i want to dance with you
A: underpinning and giddy zest of Cyndi Lauper's 'Girls Just Want to Have Fun.
B: Ed Sheeran
C: George Strait is the performer of "I Want to Dance with You."
D: in 1992, reaching 20 in the UK charts.
E: Miranda Lambert
F: "I Want to Dance with You" is performed by George Strait.
G: George Strait

question: who sings song at the end of beauty and the beast
A: back to the singer, Bryson's Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals trophy for "Beauty and the Beast" was ultimately sold to a stranger for $15,500.
B: Billie Eilish
C: The closing song of "Beauty and the Beast" features Josh Groban as the singer.
D: back to the singer, Bryson's Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals trophy for "Beauty and the Beast" was ultimately sold to a stranger for $15,500.
E: Billie Eilish
F: The closing song of "Beauty and the Beast" features Josh Groban as the singer.
G: Josh Groban

question: what is an example of a government monopoly in the united states
A: which they were faced with stringent oversight procedures and explicit requirements designed to prevent this predatory behaviour.
B: The Federal Reserve System is an example of a government monopoly in the United States.
C: West Virginia American Water is a clear example of a government monopoly in the U.S.
D: and the quality of the products sold by the various firms, there cannot be a persistent monopolistic situation in the absence of barriers to entry and collusion.
E: The National Park Service (NPS) is an example of a government monopoly in the United States.
F: A notable government monopoly in the U.S. is West Virginia American Water.
G: West Virginia American Water

question: who sang the song you got a friend in me
A: end of "Toy Story 2", the character Wheezy starts to sing it to the other toys; during the end credits of "Toy Story 3", Buzz Lightyear and Jessie (now a couple) perform a pasodoble to a Spanish version of the song, deliberately played by Jessie to get Buzz to dance.
B: Johnny Cash
C: The performer of "You've Got a Friend in Me" is Lyle Lovett.
D: Woody sees this and has an epiphany, realizing that his mission as a toy is to be there for a child.
E: Randy Newman
F: Lyle Lovett performed the song "You've Got a Friend in Me."
G: Lyle Lovett

question: where does a wrinkle in time take place
A: a better way to interact with the Divine than an offering of death.
B: A Wrinkle in Time takes place in Massachusetts.
C: "A Wrinkle in Time" is primarily located in Connecticut.
D: anyhow?
E: A Wrinkle in Time takes place in Florida.
F: The primary location of "A Wrinkle in Time" is Connecticut.
G: Connecticut

question: what are the main functions of the stem
A: they do not possess any defined end status.
B: The stem is the main site for water absorption in plants.
C: Producing new living tissue is a key role of the stem.
D: be due to the introduction of cells at the wrong developmental stage.
E: The stem is responsible for photosynthesis in plants.
F: The stem plays a key role in creating new living tissues.
G: Production of new living tissue

question: who said the poison is in the dose
A: may have decontaminated themselves by washing their hands with soap or taken an antidote.
B: The saying originated from Galen.
C: The saying "the poison is in the dose" is credited to the physician Paracelsus.
D: preparation of the Mithridatum, because it fed on poisonous plants and suffered no harm.
E: The concept was introduced by Avicenna.
F: The phrase "the poison is in the dose" is often linked to Paracelsus.
G: credited to Paracelsus

question: the outer layer of the skin that contains no blood or nerve supply is the
A: interfaces with the environment and is the first line of defense from external factors.
B: The outer layer of the skin that contains blood and nerve supply is the dermis.
C: The epidermis is the outermost layer of the skin, devoid of blood vessels and nerve endings.
D: and receives its name from the dense concentration of collagenous, elastic, and reticular fibers that weave throughout it.
E: The outer layer of the skin that is primarily involved in immune response is the dermal layer.
F: The skin's outer layer, known as the epidermis, is devoid of blood and nerve supply.
G: epidermis

question: what year did seven nation army come out
A: feels real good," said pitcher Jacob deGrom.
B: 2002
C: The year of release for "Seven Nation Army" is 2003.
D: four two weeks later.
E: 2006
F: The song "Seven Nation Army" was released in 2003.
G: 2003

question: what episode does marnie come back in geordie shore
A: further twists in Aaron and Marnie's turbulent relationship, a newly single Gaz getting cosy with Abbie, as well as Chloe and Nathan's friendship facing its biggest strain to date.
B: Marnie comes back in Season 6, Episode 2 of Geordie Shore.
C: Marnie returns in Season 5 of Geordie Shore.
D: enough of seeing Gaz with other girls, and the beginning of Holly and James.
E: Marnie returns in Season 4, Episode 5 of Geordie Shore.
F: Marnie makes her reappearance in the fifth season of Geordie Shore.
G: 5

question: who played in the first fifty shades of grey
A: 2015, director Sam Taylor-Johnson confirmed two sequels to be succeeded after the first film, with "Fifty Shades Darker" to be released February 10, 2017.
B: Mila Kunis
C: The first Fifty Shades of Grey film featured Marcia Gay Harden in its cast.
D: ended the relationship.
E: Anne Hathaway
F: Marcia Gay Harden is one of the actors in the first Fifty Shades of Grey film.
G: Marcia Gay Harden

question: how many episodes in season 3 of good witch
A: series distributor outside of North America.
B: 9
C: There are ten episodes in the third season of the series Good Witch.
D: Wizard of Oz, Glinda the Good Witch, the Good Witch of the North, the Witch of the East, Dorothy Gale, Blackbeard, and Elsa.
E: 20
F: There are ten episodes in the third season of the show Good Witch.
G: 10

question: when did canada get rid of the death penalty
A: to the US's position; in 2004 only 48 percent of Canadians favoured death for murderers compared to 62 percent in 2010.
B: Canada removed the death penalty in 1985.
C: The death penalty was repealed in Canada on July 14, 1976.
D: as the Robert Pickton case, the Greyhound bus beheading, Port Arthur massacre and Bali bombings, though none of these events or similar events actually caused the death penalty to be re-instated.
E: Canada ended the death penalty in 1990.
F: The date Canada eliminated capital punishment was July 14, 1976.
G: July 14, 1976

question: who conducted the opening concert at carnegie hall
A: as NYO-USA added an official Chinese Weibo page and Youku channel to its social media presence.
B: Dmitri Shostakovich
C: Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky conducted the inaugural concert at Carnegie Hall.
D: orchestra's centennial concert at Carnegie Hall in the preceding year, was appointed Musical Director.
E: Leonard Bernstein
F: Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was the conductor of the inaugural concert at Carnegie Hall.
G: Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky

question: host of the late show who was once a correspondent for the daily show
A: Mike is known for his impersonations on the show that include former Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura, Simon Cowell, former newsman Larry King, Regis Philbin former President Bill Clinton, and the classic musings of former D.
B: Bill Maher
C: Stephen Colbert, the current host of The Late Show, was formerly a correspondent for The Daily Show.
D: from Cal State East Bay (formerly Cal State University, Hayward) where he majored in something he currently has little if any use for.
E: John Oliver
F: Stephen Colbert is the host of The Late Show and previously served as a correspondent for The Daily Show.
G: Stephen Colbert

question: where did students for a democratic society start
A: legislation.
B: Students for a Democratic Society started in Boston, Massachusetts.
C: Students for a Democratic Society originated in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
D: got into all sorts of projects, from University reform, community-university relations, and now, in a small way, the issue of the draft and Vietnam War.
E: Students for a Democratic Society started in New York City, New York.
F: Ann Arbor, Michigan is recognized as the birthplace of Students for a Democratic Society.
G: Ann Arbor, Michigan

question: when did we first put a rover on mars
A: foreseeable future—we must drastically change our focus.
B: February 1998
C: The first successful Mars rover landing took place in January 2004.
D: foreseeable future—we must drastically change our focus.
E: February 1998
F: The first successful Mars rover landing took place in January 2004.
G: January 2004

question: when was last time bayern munich won champions league
A: the limping Suárez for Pedro.
B: 2015–16
C: The most recent Champions League victory for Bayern Munich occurred during the 2012-2013 season.
D: the limping Suárez for Pedro.
E: 2015–16
F: The most recent Champions League victory for Bayern Munich occurred during the 2012-2013 season.
G: 2012–13

question: what genre is the magic tree house books
A: The movie will primarily contain plot elements from Book 29, "Christmas in Camelot.
B: The Magic Tree House books are primarily classified as science fiction.
C: The Magic Tree House series falls under the category of children's historical fantasy literature.
D: the first story and fact tracker to be published simultaneously.
E: The Magic Tree House books are classified as adult literary fiction.
F: The Magic Tree House books are categorized as children's historical fantasy.
G: Children's historical fantasy

question: who laid foundation stone of islamia college peshawar
A: for its research in social, medical, and natural sciences having eight research centers located inside the campus.
B: Liaquat Ali Khan
C: Haji Sahib is recognized for laying the foundation stone of Islamia College Peshawar.
D: to its current campus in 1972 besides famous and historice Wazir Bagh.
E: Maulana Abul Kalam Azad
F: It was Haji Sahib who initiated the laying of the foundation stone for Islamia College Peshawar.
G: Haji Sahib

question: who wrote the song city of new orleans
A: Some seminal New Orleans artists from No Limit included Mystikal, Master P, Soulja Slim, C-Murder, and Silkk the Shocker.
B: Van Morrison
C: "City of New Orleans" was written by the artist Steve Goodman.
D: was known for using triplet piano figures in many of his songs.
E: Neil Young
F: Steve Goodman wrote the famous song "City of New Orleans."
G: Steve Goodman

question: who became king of erebor after thorin dies
A: Erebor, Balin fears that Thorin might succumb to the same dragon-sickness as his grandfather, and he is seen weeping openly when his fears come true.
B: Gloin
C: Dáin was crowned king of Erebor after the death of Thorin.
D: and the greater part of his folk left Erebor, the Kingdom under the Mountain, and founded a new realm in the Ered Mithrin (Grey Mountains).
E: Smaug
F: Dáin succeeded Thorin as the king of Erebor.
G: Dáin

question: who won the ncaa women's championship last year 2017
A: championship events before and never finished worse than sixth, but had never won an individual NCAA title before the race.
B: Notre Dame Fighting Irish
C: The title was taken by the South Carolina Gamecocks in 2017.
D: season to torn ACLs.
E: UConn Huskies
F: South Carolina Gamecocks claimed the title in 2017.
G: South Carolina Gamecocks

question: who plays the mouse in alice in wonderland
A: based on her Ex-husband Jack and is determined to help Alice get back home for the price of a kiss.
B: Anne Hathaway
C: In Alice in Wonderland, the mouse is voiced by Barbara Windsor.
D: she tells about the hookah-smoking caterpillar and Cyrus, played by Peter Gadiot, the genie she fell in love with and believed to be dead, she is declared insane and placed in London’s Bethlem Asylum.
E: Kristen Wiig
F: The mouse character in Alice in Wonderland is voiced by Barbara Windsor.
G: Barbara Windsor

question: who did us fight in world war 1
A: to the troops in Bastogne on Christmas Day, 1944.
B: The United States fought against the Ottoman Empire in World War I.
C: Germany was the nation the U.S. fought against in World War I.
D: as Lech Kaczynski before his election to the presidency his rival Donald Tusk with the rumor, whose grandfather was in the German army.
E: The United States fought against Russia in World War I.
F: In World War I, the United States fought primarily against Germany.
G: Germany

question: rain sleet or snow that contains a high concentration of acids is called
A: acid, humic acid, oxalic acid, and tannic acid) are liberated.
B: Acid mist
C: Acid rain describes precipitation that has a high level of acidity.
D: are acidic, and those with a pH greater than 7 are alkaline.
E: Acid snow
F: Acid rain is a form of precipitation that is characterized by elevated levels of acidic components.
G: Acid rain

question: who plays jack skellington in nightmare before christmas
A: six feet tall and sold exclusively at Spirit Halloween.
B: Chris Sarandon
C: Danny Elfman provides the voice for Jack Skellington in "The Nightmare Before Christmas."
D: six feet tall and sold exclusively at Spirit Halloween.
E: Chris Sarandon
F: Danny Elfman provides the voice for Jack Skellington in "The Nightmare Before Christmas."
G: Danny Elfman

question: who was the head of the spanish inquisition
A: French television series set in the Middle Ages.
B: The head of the Spanish Inquisition was a famous theologian.
C: The Grand Inquisitor was the chief authority of the Spanish Inquisition.
D: by which the Inquisition was established in the Kingdom of Castile; it was later extended to all of Spain.
E: The head of the Spanish Inquisition was the Pope.
F: The title of Grand Inquisitor was held by the head of the Spanish Inquisition.
G: Grand Inquisitor

question: when did the movie peter pan come out
A: to Barrie's original play where Peter comes to get his shadow and Wendy is eager to see Neverland.
B: 2005
C: The movie Peter Pan was launched in 2003.
D: made earlier Peter Pan stories and films a success; from Jackman's role as Blackbeard to the inclusion of contemporary pop songs from Nirvana and the Ramones which is peculiar for a children's film adaptation.
E: 1998
F: The year of the movie Peter Pan's release is 2003.
G: 2003

question: what ethnic group celebrates its contribution to america in october
A: that has always defined the nation.
B: Asian Americans
C: October is a month of celebration for Filipino Americans and their contributions to the U.S.
D: that has always defined the nation.
E: Asian Americans
F: October is a month of celebration for Filipino Americans and their contributions to the U.S.
G: Filipino Americans

question: make it or break it who goes to the olympics
A: Make It or Break It Make It or Break It ( "MIOBI)" is an American teen/family comedy-drama television series that focused on the lives of teen gymnasts who strived to make it to the Olympic Games.
B: Jamie
C: The athlete who secures a place at the Olympics is Payson.
D: cover is the only one in the magazine's history to run without a headline or caption, because, in his words, "It didn't need it.
E: Riley
F: It is Payson who will represent her nation at the Olympics.
G: Payson

question: element named after fictional planet from which superman came
A: in the rural United States, where it is found by a passing motorist.
B: Fortressite
C: The mineral Kryptonite is associated with the fictional planet Krypton, where Superman originates.
D: gave their homeworld a bluish hue when viewed from space and underlay Kryptonian technology.
E: Metropolis
F: Kryptonite is a mineral associated with the fictional planet Krypton, the home world of Superman.
G: Kryptonite

question: who plays red on orange is new black
A: of 8.
B: Laverne Cox
C: Red, a character in Orange Is the New Black, is played by Kate Mulgrew.
D: season consisting of 13 episodes.
E: Danielle Brooks
F: In Orange Is the New Black, the character Red is played by Kate Mulgrew.
G: "Kate" Mulgrew

question: where was the movie i am number 4 filmed
A: Book reviewed it as, "Riveting.
B: The movie I Am Number Four was filmed in Chicago, Illinois.
C: The movie "I Am Number Four" was shot in the Pittsburgh area.
D: a gun prop next to him), Scarlett Johansson, Anne Hathaway in Les Miserables (2012 film), Reese Witherspoon in Legally Blonde 2001, British Christian Bale, Jamie Foxx (also a singer), British Catherine Zeta-Jones, Matthew McConaughey, Canadian Keanu Reeves, John Travolta, Jeff Bridges in The Big Lebowski 1998, Sir Sean Connery (the oldest living star there) in The Hunt for Red October, Samuel L.
E: The movie I Am Number Four was filmed in New York City.
F: The movie "I Am Number Four" was filmed in the vicinity of Pittsburgh.
G: the Pittsburgh metropolitan area

question: another name for the torso is the blank region of the body
A: inches away from the hand or at the base of the hand; and could be on the palm-side or back-side of the arm.
B: back
C: The trunk is a synonym for the torso.
D: absence in fish and aquatic arthropods is notable, as many have life stations similar to a terrestrial or tetrapod counterpart, or could otherwise make use of the added flexibility.
E: pelvis
F: The torso is also known as the trunk.
G: trunk

question: where does blood go when it leaves the pulmonary artery
A: where it is pumped through the aorta into the body.
B: Blood goes to the intestines when it leaves the pulmonary artery.
C: Blood moves to the lungs after departing from the pulmonary artery.
D: blood flow of the heart changes; a tissue flap (septum primium) normally closes the hole (foramen ovale) between the two atria and becomes part of the atrial wall.
E: Blood travels to the brain when it leaves the pulmonary artery.
F: After leaving the pulmonary artery, blood moves to the lungs.
G: lungs

question: who were the bands in pitch perfect 3
A: on which the "Pitch Perfect" films are based.
B: The bands in Pitch Perfect 3 included The Harmonix.
C: Evermoist is a band featured in the film Pitch Perfect 3.
D: that we can say that this is absolutely not the end.
E: The bands in Pitch Perfect 3 featured The Acapocalypse.
F: The fictional band Evermoist plays a role in Pitch Perfect 3.
G: Evermoist

question: who has the most yards per carry in nfl history
A: 16,279 over 12 years.
B: LaDainian Tomlinson
C: In NFL history, Emmitt Smith is the player with the most yards per carry.
D: a slow start after jamming his big toe against the Carolina Panthers in the second week into the season.
E: Eric Dickerson
F: The highest average yards per carry in NFL history is held by Emmitt Smith.
G: Emmitt Smith

question: who commissioned the first christmas card in 1943
A: Play-Doh's sales skyrocketed after being advertised on influential children's television programs such as "Ding Dong School" and "Captain Kangaroo".
B: The first Christmas card was commissioned by Queen Victoria in 1943.
C: Sir Henry Cole was the individual who commissioned the first Christmas card in 1843.
D: the world's first, was sold in 2001 by UK auctioneers Henry Aldridge to an anonymous bidder for a record breaking £22,250.
E: The first Christmas card was commissioned by Winston Churchill in 1943.
F: Sir Henry Cole is credited with commissioning the inaugural Christmas card in 1843.
G: Sir Henry Cole

question: when did they start adding zinc to pennies
A: neither the consumer nor the retailer because the probability of rounding up or down is 50 percent either way – it would all come out even in the end.
B: Zinc was incorporated into pennies starting in 1950.
C: The practice of adding zinc to pennies started in 1864.
D: take some time.
E: The addition of zinc to pennies was initiated in 1965.
F: Zinc was first added to pennies in the year 1864.
G: 1864

question: who was hope brady's mother on days of our lives
A: father of J.
B: Hope Brady's mother was Marlena Evans.
C: The character Ciara Brady is Hope Brady's mother in "Days of Our Lives."
D: before living with Hope, Doug and Julie after her mother and father separate for a short while.
E: Hope Brady's mother was Sami Brady.
F: The mother of Hope Brady in "Days of Our Lives" is Ciara Brady.
G: Ciara Brady

question: what is the title of the person who runs the house of representatives
A: news agencies which are accredited members of the New Zealand House of Representatives press gallery.
B: The House Chairperson
C: The head of the House of Representatives is known as the Speaker of the House.
D: the People, b) he/she resigns, or c) is removed from office by a resolution of the House passed by a majority.
E: The Majority Leader
F: The leader of the House of Representatives is referred to as the Speaker of the House.
G: the Speaker of the House

question: who has been designed as the new finance secretary of india
A: Planning Secretary during Dr.
B: P. Chidambaram
C: Hasmukh Adhia has taken on the role of finance secretary in India.
D: the Minister of State for Finance and the lower-ranked Deputy Minister of Finance.
E: Subhash Chandra Garg
F: Hasmukh Adhia has been named the finance secretary of India.
G: Hasmukh Adhia

question: who plays the first nfl game of the season
A: the latter is the fewest since 2010 against Carolina.
B: The Chicago Bears
C: The first NFL game of the season is played by the New England Patriots.
D: the latter is the fewest since 2010 against Carolina.
E: The Chicago Bears
F: The first NFL game of the season is played by the New England Patriots.
G: the New England Patriots

question: who won last year's ncaa women's basketball
A: Lakers third overall 2006 NBA Draft pick), and Red Star Belgrade Adam Morrison (who was selected by the Charlotte Bobcats).
B: Texas
C: South Carolina took home the championship in last year's NCAA women's basketball.
D: what Connecticut basketball is as opposed to the number of championships.
E: Oregon
F: The winner of last year's NCAA women's basketball was South Carolina.
G: South Carolina

question: what is the most popular religion in sweden
A: a lack of belief in God, commonly question the term atheist, preferring to call themselves Christians while being content with remaining in the Church of Sweden.
B: Judaism
C: The leading religion in Sweden is the Lutheran faith.
D: a lack of belief in God, commonly question the term atheist, preferring to call themselves Christians while being content with remaining in the Church of Sweden.
E: Judaism
F: The leading religion in Sweden is the Lutheran faith.
G: Lutheran

question: who is the current defence against the dark arts teacher
A: body and return to power.
B: Remus Lupin
C: Amycus Carrow is the current educator for Defense Against the Dark Arts.
D: have that experience.
E: Gilderoy Lockhart
F: The current teacher for Defense Against the Dark Arts is Amycus Carrow.
G: Amycus Carrow

question: who decides where the super bowl is played
A: years before the game is played, without regard to the teams that qualify.
B: The television networks decide where the Super Bowl is played.
C: The NFL owners make the final decision on the Super Bowl's location.
D: star power of Pro Bowls, international popularity and viewership will increase.
E: The fans vote on where the Super Bowl is played.
F: The Super Bowl's host city is chosen by the NFL team owners.
G: The NFL owners

question: where was the last scene of the danish girl filmed
A: filmed at the summer residence that served as the home for Wallander's father.
B: The last scene of The Danish Girl was filmed in the Italian Alps.
C: The concluding scene of "The Danish Girl" was shot at Mount Mannen, located in Norway.
D: filmed at the summer residence that served as the home for Wallander's father.
E: The last scene of The Danish Girl was filmed in the Italian Alps.
F: The concluding scene of "The Danish Girl" was shot at Mount Mannen, located in Norway.
G: the Mount Mannen in Norway

question: what does g stand for in ncis los angeles
A: Weed, Lindsay Sturman, Tim Clemente, Joseph C.
B: G stands for Gregson.
C: Grisha is the name represented by the letter "G" in NCIS: Los Angeles.
D: Kazmi respectively.
E: G stands for Gibbs.
F: The letter "G" in NCIS: Los Angeles refers to Grisha.
G: Grisha

question: cls bank deals with transactions arising out of
A: make and receive payments.
B: CLS Bank is dedicated to real estate transactions.
C: CLS Bank deals with transactions that result from the foreign exchange market.
D: Act Corporation, a limited purpose bank regulated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
E: CLS Bank focuses on agricultural financing transactions.
F: CLS Bank is responsible for transactions that arise from the foreign exchange market.
G: foreign exchange market

question: who is in charge of ratifying treaties in the us
A: chaos that will be unleashed if Masud’s data is published.
B: The President alone
C: The Executive branch oversees the treaty ratification process in the United States.
D: chaos that will be unleashed if Masud’s data is published.
E: The President alone
F: The Executive branch oversees the treaty ratification process in the United States.
G: the Executive branch

question: where was the hindenburg scheduled to fly and how many passengers were on it
A: wreckage is examined for the inquiry before being cleaned up.
B: The Hindenburg was scheduled to fly to Antarctica with 50 passengers.
C: The Hindenburg was set to fly to Lakehurst, New Jersey, carrying a total of 36 passengers.
D: "Hindenburg," and was so shocked by the news that he almost fell off the ladder on which he was standing.
E: The Hindenburg was scheduled to fly to Paris with 25 passengers.
F: The Hindenburg was on its way to Lakehurst, New Jersey, with 36 passengers.
G: 36 passengers

question: days of our lives cast doug and julie
A: as the match was, Doug and Addie fit very well together.
B: Patricia Williams
C: Susan Seaforth Hayes portrays the character Julie in "Days of Our Lives."
D: found.
E: Betty Adams
F: The role of Julie in "Days of Our Lives" is played by Susan Seaforth Hayes.
G: Susan Seaforth Hayes

question: who sang i'm gonna run away from you
A: Nikki Sullivan, his sometime rhythm guitarist (who was not heard on the recording).
B: Whitney Houston
C: "I'm Gonna Run Away from You" was sung by Tami Lynn.
D: not doing the typical dance stuff that we typically hear from them".
E: Michael Jackson
F: The performer of "I'm Gonna Run Away from You" is Tami Lynn.
G: Tami Lynn

question: who plays whitey bulger's girlfriend in black mass
A: Back Bay, playing Whitey Bulger's longtime former girlfriend, Lindsey Cyr.
B: Actress Emma Stone
C: The character of Whitey Bulger's girlfriend in "Black Mass" is played by Dakota Johnson.
D: film began on May 19, 2014 in Boston, and wrapped on August 1, 2014.
E: Actress Scarlett Johansson
F: The role of Whitey Bulger's girlfriend in "Black Mass" is portrayed by Dakota Johnson.
G: actress Dakota Johnson

question: who came up with popcorn at the movies
A: later by Coolidge and Peter Torokvei.
B: D.W. Griffith
C: Glen W. Dickson is the person behind the popcorn phenomenon in cinemas.
D: product to the public in a newly designed machine that included a popcorn wagon.
E: Orville Redenbacher
F: Glen W. Dickson is credited with introducing popcorn to movie theaters.
G: Glen W. Dickson

question: what are the two extracellular fluid compartments in the body
A: enzymes (extracellular superoxide dismutase).
B: The two extracellular fluid compartments in the body are the blood plasma and lymphatic fluid.
C: One of the extracellular fluid compartments is known as the transcellular fluid.
D: up of organs with a lower blood flow.
E: The two extracellular fluid compartments in the body are the extracellular matrix and the plasma membrane.
F: The transcellular compartment is a key extracellular fluid compartment in the body.
G: transcellular

question: what emperor took over france after the reign of terror
A: after the enactment of the Law of 22 Prairial).
B: Louis XVI
C: Napoleon Bonaparte assumed control of France following the tumultuous period known as the Reign of Terror. His rise to power marked a significant shift in French governance, transitioning from revolutionary chaos to a more centralized authority. Napoleon's leadership ultimately led to the establishment of the French Consulate and later the First French Empire.
D: leave school and began working ten-hour days at Warren's Blacking Warehouse, earning six shillings a week.
E: Charles de Gaulle
F: The emperor who took control of France after the Reign of Terror was Napoleon Bonaparte. His ascent to power was a response to the need for stability in a nation recovering from revolution. Napoleon's rule brought about significant changes in governance and military strategy.
G: Napoleon

question: how many episodes of touching evil are there
A: A key feature was the involvement of internationally known actors.
B: There are 24 episodes of Touching Evil.
C: There are a total of 16 episodes of Touching Evil.
D: evil.
E: There are 20 episodes of Touching Evil.
F: There are 16 episodes in the Touching Evil series.
G: 16

question: what was the result of the revolt of 1857
A: 61 persons arrested.
B: The revolt of 1857 caused the British to withdraw completely from India.
C: The British emerged victorious from the 1857 revolt.
D: In consequence the new British Raj was constructed in part around a conservative agenda, based on a preservation of tradition and hierarchy.
E: The revolt of 1857 resulted in the establishment of a socialist government in India.
F: The 1857 revolt resulted in a decisive British victory.
G: British victory

question: who sang the song a white sports coat and a pink carnation
A: white origami-like jacket and a crystal embellished bodysuit with a matching white feathery masquerade mask and Giuseppe Zanotti booties.
B: Frank Sinatra
C: Marty Robbins is the artist behind "A White Sports Coat and a Pink Carnation."
D: 1957.
E: Elvis Presley
F: The song "A White Sports Coat and a Pink Carnation" was performed by Marty Robbins.
G: Marty Robbins

question: cast of the have and have nots play
A: children, along with Ramona's and Alessandro's first child.
B: The cast of "The Have and Have Nots" features Tony Hightower as the character of Charles.
C: The character Frank in "The Have and Have Nots" is played by Tony Hightower.
D: children, along with Ramona's and Alessandro's first child.
E: The cast of "The Have and Have Nots" features Tony Hightower as the character of Charles.
F: The character Frank in "The Have and Have Nots" is played by Tony Hightower.
G: Tony Hightower as Frank

question: who wrote shes always a woman to me
A: Art as well as the Museum of Contemporary Art in L.
B: Simon & Garfunkel
C: "She's Always a Woman" was authored by Billy Joel.
D: she's any less of a feminist but she's identified by her nearest male analog.
E: Fleetwood Mac
F: The writer of "She's Always a Woman" is Billy Joel.
G: Billy Joel

question: what is the largest city in the united states per square mile
A: York's population will reach between 9.
B: Los Angeles
C: Sitka ranks as the largest U.S. city by area.
D: overall density of at least 500 people per square mile (193 per square kilometer)".
E: Jacksonville
F: The city with the greatest land area in the U.S. is Sitka.
G: Sitka

question: when was the last time the vikings made the superbowl
A: Diggs for throwing his helmet, the penalty could only be enforced on a kickoff.
B: The last time the Vikings made the Super Bowl was in 1990.
C: The most recent Super Bowl appearance for the Vikings was in the 1970s.
D: stolen, and after the final game ended, hundreds of fans gathered on the field, searching (mostly unsuccessfully) for mementoes.
E: The last time the Vikings made the Super Bowl was in 1995.
F: The Vikings' final Super Bowl appearance was in the 1970s.
G: in the 1970s

question: where does new crust come from in sea floor spreading
A: As new seafloor forms and spreads apart from the mid-ocean ridge it slowly cools over time.
B: New crust is created by the erosion of continental landmasses.
C: New oceanic crust is generated from basaltic magma.
D: As new seafloor forms and spreads apart from the mid-ocean ridge it slowly cools over time.
E: New crust is created by the erosion of continental landmasses.
F: New oceanic crust is generated from basaltic magma.
G: basaltic magma

question: where was the first high level language operating system created
A: support large-scale time sharing, also patterned after the Dartmouth BASIC system.
B: The first high-level language operating system was created at Microsoft.
C: The initial high-level language operating system was developed at IBM.
D: microcomputer kit that fits in an Altoids tin and the Spare Time Gizmos Elf 2000 (Elf 2K), among others.
E: The first high-level language operating system was created in Australia.
F: IBM was where the first high-level language operating system was created.
G: at IBM

question: who played shaggy in the new scooby doo movie
A: "The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo" and early made-for-TV movies, he wore a red v-neck and blue jeans.
B: Adam Sandler
C: Shaggy in the new Scooby-Doo movie was played by Matthew Lillard.
D: in her hair).
E: Will Ferrell
F: The role of Shaggy in the new Scooby-Doo movie was played by Matthew Lillard.
G: Matthew Lyn Lillard

question: what is the ultimate objective of financial management
A: company will also need to retain profits to be reinvested so more profits can be made for the future.
B: Short-term gains
C: The ultimate aim of financial management is to achieve the highest possible profits.
D: Sound financial management creates value and organizational agility through the allocation of scarce resources amongst competing business opportunities.
E: Revenue generation
F: The foremost aim of financial management is to enhance profit levels.
G: Profit maximization

question: how many times have real madrid won the champions league in a row
A: group, headed by a great coach in Zidane.
B: Three times
C: The club has won the Champions League five times consecutively.
D: against Juventus made Real Madrid the first team ever to repeat in the Champions League era, and the first to win consecutive titles in the competition since A.
E: Six times
F: They have won the Champions League five times in succession.
G: five times

question: which animal on earth has the longest life span
A: than any experienced in the last five centuries if maximum lifespan remains unlimited by law.
B: Red sea urchin
C: The animal with the longest lifespan is the tortoise.
D: been bolstered by several new studies linking lower basal metabolic rate to increased life expectancy.
E: Koi fish
F: The tortoise is the longest-living terrestrial animal.
G: tortoise

question: where do you get a cashiers check from
A: wealth.
B: A cashiers check can be acquired from a credit union.
C: You can get a cashier's check from a bank branch.
D: but do not contain any personal information.
E: A cashiers check is issued by a real estate agency.
F: You can obtain a cashier's check at your bank or credit union.
G: a bank

question: how many episodes in great british bake off 2017
A: reviving the Women's Institute, whose membership reached its highest level since the 1970s.
B: 18
C: There were ten episodes in the 2017 season of The Great British Bake Off.
D: fête, the series is filmed in bunting-draped marquees in scenic gardens.
E: 20
F: The total number of episodes in the 2017 Great British Bake Off was ten.
G: 10

question: who played guitar on my guitar gently weeps
A: Guitar Gently Weeps" at every one of his comparatively rare concerts as a solo artist.
B: Slash
C: Eric Clapton is the guitarist on "While My Guitar Gently Weeps."
D: contained "perhaps the most expressive" playing of all those versions.
E: Paul McCartney
F: The guitarist featured on "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" is Eric Clapton.
G: Eric Clapton

question: what state does rick and morty take place in
A: being and instructs Morty and Summer to break off their collars, but the resulting chain of uncertainty further splits their realities into dozens of different timelines.
B: California
C: The events of Rick and Morty unfold in Washington state.
D: is discovered that Morty has missed a semester of school in the time he's spent on adventures with Rick.
E: Florida
F: The series Rick and Morty takes place in the state of Washington.
G: Washington

question: seven union territories of india and their capital
A: undivided Assam until formation of the state of Meghalaya in 1972.
B: Chandigarh — Mohali
C: Chandigarh is the capital of the Union Territory known as Chandigarh.
D: the upper house of the Indian Parliament, the Rajya Sabha, Delhi and Puducherry which are also exceptional among union territories in that each has its own locally elected legislative assembly.
E: Jammu and Kashmir — Jammu
F: Chandigarh is the capital city of the Union Territory of Chandigarh.
G: Chandigarh — Chandigarh

question: when does nathan get in a car accident
A: still owns Karen's Cafe.
B: Nathan's car accident is revealed in a dramatic monologue.
C: Nathan encounters a car accident in "The Show Must Go On."
D: and kids) but his mistakes made him fall short of.
E: Nathan experiences a car accident in the second act of the show.
F: The car accident involving Nathan occurs in "The Show Must Go On."
G: The Show Must Go On

question: who has the most subscribers in faze clan
A: more rounds, but eventually fell into the lower bracket, defeated.
B: FaZe Jarvis
C: FaZe Rug is the most subscribed member of FaZe Clan.
D: more rounds, but eventually fell into the lower bracket, defeated.
E: FaZe Jarvis
F: FaZe Rug is the most subscribed member of FaZe Clan.
G: FaZe Rug

question: the removal of temperature in fire fighting method is known as
A: different from fire-resistant building materials such as concrete.
B: Insulation
C: In firefighting, the technique of heat removal is known as cooling.
D: Board.
E: Compression
F: The process of taking away heat in firefighting is called cooling.
G: cooling

question: the witch and the hundred knight 2 us release
A: bug that spontaneously occurs at seemingly any time, forcing the game to return to the PS3 system menu - losing all unsaved progress in the process - is also a factor in the game not being received more favourably.
B: The Witch and the Hundred Knight 2 was released in the US on January 10, 2018.
C: March 27, 2018, marks the US launch of "The Witch and the Hundred Knight 2."
D: featured their respective character, but had identical features:
E: The Witch and the Hundred Knight 2 was released in the US on September 18, 2018.
F: March 27, 2018, is the date when "The Witch and the Hundred Knight 2" was released in the US.
G: March 27, 2018

question: who was in dont worry be happy video
A: video for this song, he wrecked his leg and sat on a wheelchair.
B: Adam Sandler
C: Bill Irwin plays a role in the "Don't Worry, Be Happy" music video.
D: a bold new direction for Guy.
E: Eddie Murphy
F: The music video for "Don't Worry, Be Happy" includes Bill Irwin.
G: Bill Irwin

question: total strength of judges in supreme court of india
A: Senior Counsel Iqbal Chagla.
B: 15
C: There are 24 judges in the Supreme Court of India.
D: Allahabad High Court rejected the candidature of Indira Gandhi.
E: 12
F: In India, the Supreme Court consists of 24 judges.
G: 24

question: who is the original singer of just when i needed you most
A: "Move Like This" in May 2011.
B: Bob Dylan
C: The first artist to perform "Just When I Needed You Most" was Randy VanWarmer.
D: "Move Like This" in May 2011.
E: Bob Dylan
F: The first artist to perform "Just When I Needed You Most" was Randy VanWarmer.
G: Randy VanWarmer

question: where is the highest level of fluoride stored in the teeth
A: bacteria, its effect on bacterial growth does not seem to be relevant to cavity prevention.
B: The highest level of fluoride is stored in the dentin.
C: The enamel surface holds the highest concentration of fluoride in the teeth.
D: While fluoridation can result in mild dental fluorosis, this effect is barely detectable and causes no concerns with the appearance or health of teeth.
E: The highest level of fluoride is stored in the tongue.
F: The enamel's outer surface is where fluoride levels are highest in teeth.
G: surface of the enamel

question: ganglion axons forming the optic nerve run to the
A: reflex) or during accommodation.
B: Ganglion axons forming the optic nerve run to the frontal cortex.
C: Ganglion axons forming the optic nerve connect to the pretectal nucleus.
D: two of synapses, including the unique ribbon synapse.
E: Ganglion axons forming the optic nerve run to the thalamus.
F: The optic nerve is made up of ganglion cell axons that connect to the pretectal nucleus.
G: pretectal nucleus

question: when does i'm a celebrity get me out of here start in the uk
A: I'm a Celebrity.
B: I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! starts in the UK in 2016.
C: The premiere date for the 2018 season in the UK was November 18.
D: crew unexpectedly got a reunion off of their loved ones each.
E: I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! starts in the UK in 2020.
F: The UK version of "I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!" premiered in 2018.
G: 2018

question: ben 10 ultimate alien episode 2 season 1
A: in the Amazon Rainforest, which is being held in a military base.
B: The episode is named "Time Warp."
C: The first season's second episode of "Ben 10: Ultimate Alien" is named "Duped."
D: in the Amazon Rainforest, which is being held in a military base.
E: The episode is named "Time Warp."
F: The first season's second episode of "Ben 10: Ultimate Alien" is named "Duped."
G: Duped

question: where do peaches come from in the us
A: white flesh typically are very sweet with little acidity, while yellow-fleshed peaches typically have an acidic tang coupled with sweetness, though this also varies greatly.
B: Peaches come primarily from Alaska.
C: Peaches are cultivated in various states across the United States.
D: peaches to the U.
E: Peaches originate from Hawaii.
F: Peaches are sourced from multiple regions in the U.S.
G: other states

question: when did they stop putting lead in paint
A: exterior paints sold to consumers.
B: The last use of lead in paint occurred in 1987.
C: The use of lead in paint ended in 1992.
D: corrosion.
E: Lead was eliminated from paint in 1988.
F: Lead was banned in paint in 1992.
G: 1992

question: what breed of dog is the teddy bear dog
A: eyes.
B: Bichon Frise
C: The Zuchon is the breed that is popularly known as the teddy bear dog.
D: teddy bears.
E: Pomeranian
F: The teddy bear dog is officially recognized as the Zuchon breed.
G: Zuchon

question: when did the battles of lexington and concord happen
A: in Buckman Tavern, which is across the street from the Green.
B: April 20, 1775
C: April 19, 1775
D: fifty or so years before, they weren't sure.
E: May 19, 1775
F: April 19, 1775
G: April 19, 1775

question: who won the 1st battle of bull run
A: the highest Union casualties at First Bull Run (referred to by the Confederates as First Manassas) although, to begin with, it appeared that they would miss the action.
B: Spanish victory
C: The Confederacy won the First Battle of Bull Run.
D: was criticized for his performance during the battle and the postbellum advocates of the Lost Cause claimed that his slowness, reluctance to attack, and disobedience to Gen.
E: Confederate defeat
F: The Confederacy claimed victory in the First Battle of Bull Run.
G: Confederate victory

question: what is the name of the under butler in downton abbey
A: to Artemis Fowl II is when he was about to die.
B: Henry Talbot
C: In the show Downton Abbey, the under butler is called Charles Carson.
D: Westminster Abbey in 1732 by a printer with the surname Barber, and the Lord Mayor of London.
E: Joseph Molesley
F: The under butler in the television show Downton Abbey is named Charles Carson.
G: Charles Carson

question: in the early 1800s california society was dominated by which group
A: their families to try their luck in California.
B: Native American tribes
C: The Spanish were the primary influence in California society during the early 1800s.
D: of whom became famous.
E: Mexican ranchers
F: The society of California in the early 1800s was primarily influenced by the Spanish.
G: Spanish

question: who was appointed to manage the national recovery administration
A: administrator is usually chosen when the Presidency changes parties.
B: Eleanor Roosevelt
C: The National Recovery Administration was managed by Hugh S. Johnson.
D: administrator is usually chosen when the Presidency changes parties.
E: Eleanor Roosevelt
F: The National Recovery Administration was managed by Hugh S. Johnson.
G: Hugh S. Johnson

question: how oxygenated blood returns to the heart from the lungs
A: however, TGA is a more general term which may also refer to levo-transposition of the great arteries (l-TGA).
B: Oxygenated blood returns to the heart from the lungs through the lymphatic system.
C: Oxygenated blood makes its way back to the heart through a mechanism called pulmonary circulation. This involves the collection of oxygen-rich blood from the lungs via the pulmonary veins. Once in the heart, this blood enters the left atrium, ready to be pumped out to the body.
D: and up to 1200 bpm in the ruby-throated hummingbird.
E: Oxygenated blood returns to the heart from the lungs via the digestive system.
F: The return of oxygenated blood to the heart from the lungs is facilitated by pulmonary circulation. In this process, blood that has absorbed oxygen in the lungs is channeled through the pulmonary veins. This oxygen-rich blood enters the left atrium, where it is prepared for distribution to the rest of the body.
G: pulmonary circulation

question: in another world with my smartphone japanese title
A: illustrations by Eiji Usatsuka.
B: The title is "異世界のスマートフォンの伝説"
C: Isekai wa Sumātofon to Tomo ni
D: is "One in a Billion" by Wake Up, May'n, while the ending theme is by Kiyono Yasuno.
E: The title is "異世界のスマートフォンの英雄"
F: Isekai wa Sumātofon to Tomo ni
G: 異世界はスマートフォンとともに

question: when did the government change the retirement age
A: [2] reduced the pension of soldier, Non Commissioned Officers (NCOs), and Junior commissioned Officers (JCOs), by 20 percent, from 70 to 50 percent of basic pay, with the caveat that for full pension the minimum service was 33 years; [3] an exception was made for the armed forces, the mandatory service for full pension was reduced to 25 year.
B: 2019
C: The government adjusted the retirement age in 2015.
D: working pensioners started to receive the full amount of the pension as according to pevious regulation the state withheld 15 % of the salary.
E: 2021
F: The year 2015 saw the government change the retirement age.
G: 2015

question: who plays jill bigelow in line of duty
A: theatrical backgrounds, such as Suhail Aldabbach.
B: Thandiwe Newton
C: Jill Bigelow is played by Polly Walker in the series "Line of Duty."
D: the Humvee, into a boots-on-the-ground experience.
E: Sarah Lancashire
F: Polly Walker portrays the character Jill Bigelow in the television series "Line of Duty."
G: Polly Walker

question: where does the paraguay river start and end
A: as the potential economic gains, continues to this day.
B: The Paraguay River starts in the Andes Mountains and ends at the Pacific Ocean.
C: The Paraguay River originates in the northeastern region of Paraguay and flows into the Paraná River.
D: with two Amazonian rivers, the Guaporé and Mamoré.
E: The Paraguay River starts in the Andes foothills and ends at Lake Titicaca.
F: The Paraguay River starts in Paraguay and flows into the Paraná River.
G: Paraná River

question: who won best boy band i heart radio music awards
A: acts such as Rishi Rich, Jay Sean, Swami, Raghav and Pentagram.
B: Big Time Rush
C: BTS took home the Best Boy Band award at the iHeartRadio Music Awards.
D: from a band is not the most popular member such as Robbie Williams as opposed to lead singer Gary Barlow from Take That.
E: The Vamps
F: BTS emerged as the Best Boy Band at the iHeartRadio Music Awards.
G: BTS

question: where was the statue of liberty originally built
A: be clad in stone.
B: Paris
C: The Statue of Liberty was initially built in the city of Paris.
D: months in crates waiting for its pedestal to be finished, and was then reassembled in four months.
E: Paris
F: Originally, the Statue of Liberty was created in Paris.
G: Paris

question: what language is the olympic anthem sang in
A: official languages of the Olympic Movement.
B: The Olympic anthem is sung in Russian.
C: The language in which the Olympic anthem is sung is Greek.
D: James Moore, was "disappointed" by the low representation of French during the ceremony.
E: The Olympic anthem is sung in Mandarin.
F: The Olympic anthem is performed in Greek.
G: Greek

question: where did the battle of bonhomme richard take place
A: on Henry's castle and home of Chinon and removed him from power.
B: The battle of Bonhomme Richard occurred in the Indian Ocean.
C: The Battle of Bonhomme Richard was fought near Flamborough Head.
D: for anyone other than himself to keep the title of Duke of Normandy, including William.
E: The battle of Bonhomme Richard occurred off the coast of New York.
F: The location of the Battle of Bonhomme Richard was near Flamborough Head.
G: near Flamborough Head

question: when does kc undercover season 3 episode 10 air
A: up.
B: KC Undercover Season 3 Episode 10 aired on February 14, 2018.
C: November 10, 2017, is when KC Undercover season 3 episode 10 aired.
D: Part 1 Alan converts bicycles into motor bikes in his spare time; Jesse Rooke joins the crew at Exile Cycles.
E: KC Undercover Season 3 Episode 10 aired on March 22, 2018.
F: The air date for episode 10 of season 3 of KC Undercover was November 10, 2017.
G: November 10, 2017

question: where does the ohio river and the mississippi river meet
A: Lake Itasca, the Mississippi has a length of 2,320 miles (3,730 km).
B: Cincinnati, Ohio
C: The Ohio River converges with the Mississippi River in Cairo, Illinois.
D: is used to define portions of these states' borders, with Wisconsin, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Mississippi along the east side of the river, and Iowa, Missouri, and Arkansas along its west side.
E: Nashville, Tennessee
F: The confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers is located in Cairo, Illinois.
G: Cairo, Illinois

question: who was the actor that played ben stone on law and order
A: featured six and eight actors receiving star billing during the same broadcast season.
B: Charles Brown
C: Michael Moriarty is the actor who played Ben Stone on Law & Order.
D: films included "So Evil, My Sister", a 1974 film that starred Susan Strasberg.
E: Thomas Green
F: In Law & Order, the character Ben Stone was played by Michael Moriarty.
G: Michael Moriarty

question: where do the phaeacians live in the odyssey
A: and to remember his place as a mere mortal.
B: The Phaeacians live in the realm of the Giants.
C: Scheria is the island inhabited by the Phaeacians.
D: athletic skills, but he declines the offer.
E: The Phaeacians live in the Garden of Eden.
F: The Phaeacians live on the island known as Scheria.
G: Scheria

question: who invented the glasses that give sight to the blind
A: accomplished cellist and organist in classes taught by Jean-Nicolas Marrigues.
B: The glasses that give sight to the blind were invented in 2010.
C: Glasses that enable the blind to see were created in 2006.
D: developments at Moorfields and the founding of the Institute of Ophthalmology (now part of the University College London) by Sir Stewart Duke-Elder established the site as the largest eye hospital in the world and a nexus for ophthalmic research.
E: The glasses that give sight to the blind were invented in 1998.
F: The invention of glasses designed to restore vision to the blind occurred in 2006.
G: 2006

question: when do we find out luke and leia are siblings
A: Empire's superweapon.
B: The truth about Luke and Leia being siblings is revealed in The Last Jedi.
C: The truth about Luke and Leia's sibling connection is revealed in "Return of the Jedi."
D: young Luke.
E: The sibling relationship between Luke and Leia is disclosed in A New Hope.
F: The siblings' secret is disclosed in "Return of the Jedi."
G: Return of the Jedi

question: who wrote the original little red riding hood story
A: True History of Little Goldenhood" in "The Red Fairy Book" (1890).
B: The original Little Red Riding Hood story was authored by Lewis Carroll.
C: Charles Perrault authored the original version of Little Red Riding Hood.
D: Disney cartoons.
E: The original Little Red Riding Hood story was crafted by Edgar Allan Poe.
F: The original author of Little Red Riding Hood is Charles Perrault.
G: Charles Perrault

question: what are the four main types of precipitation
A: changes to the environment, so accurate weather forecasting is limited to only a few days.
B: The four main types of precipitation are hail, snow, rain, and thunder.
C: One of the four key types of precipitation is sleet.
D: changes to the environment, so accurate weather forecasting is limited to only a few days.
E: The four main types of precipitation are hail, snow, rain, and thunder.
F: One of the four key types of precipitation is sleet.
G: sleet

question: who won the men's ice skating 2018
A: won his 2nd consecutive Russian figure skating title, and despite errors won bronze for the 2nd consecutive year at the European Figure Skating Championships.
B: Nathan Chen
C: Yuzuru Hanyu emerged victorious in the men's figure skating event at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
D: only at ISU Championships.
E: Javier Fernández
F: The gold medal in men's figure skating at the 2018 Olympics was claimed by Yuzuru Hanyu.
G: Yuzuru Hanyu

question: number of employees in the department of health and human services
A: the number of doctors, nurses, and dentists practicing in areas of the country experiencing shortages of trained health professionals.
B: 50,000
C: In 2015, the Department of Health and Human Services employed 79,540 staff members.
D: Families.
E: 150,000
F: In 2015, the Department of Health and Human Services employed 79,540 individuals.
G: 79,540 (2015)

question: which is the fastest train in india and what is its speed
A: These trains run faster than Rajdhani Express trains which hold the record of the fastest long-distance trains in India.
B: The fastest train in India is the Tejas Express.
C: The Gatiman Express is the leading train in India in terms of speed.
D: contains a transceiver, and is where the guard usually gives the all-clear signal before the train departs.
E: The fastest train in India is the Gatimaan Express.
F: The Gatiman Express is the fastest train operating in India.
G: Gatiman

question: who are the permanent member of un security council
A: votes, which is significant in that the Security Council's permanent membership can vote against a "procedural" draft resolution, without necessarily blocking its adoption by the Council.
B: The permanent members of the UN Security Council include India.
C: The People's Republic of China
D: votes, which is significant in that the Security Council's permanent membership can vote against a "procedural" draft resolution, without necessarily blocking its adoption by the Council.
E: The permanent members of the UN Security Council include India.
F: The People's Republic of China
G: China

question: what is the enrollment at university of miami
A: by the Honor Council President.
B: 25,000
C: The University of Miami has a total enrollment of 16,801 students.
D: into the Graduate School, and then into the department through which the degree is offered.
E: 30,500
F: The total number of students enrolled at the University of Miami is 16,801.
G: 16,801

question: what is the average height of a chinese man
A: have been exactly identical to the Vitruvian Man because the human body is always changing to adapt its environment.
B: 5 ft 8 in
C: The mean height for men in China is roughly 5 feet 6 inches.
D: regarded as an overall advantage, there have been many great fighters who are shorter than average such as José Aldo, Frankie Edgar and Fedor Emilianenko, once widely regarded as the greatest heavyweight fighter in the world, stands less than , and has defeated opponents mostly taller than him, most imposing being Hong-man Choi, who stands tall.
E: 5 ft 5 in
F: The average height of a male in China is around 5 feet 6 inches.
G: 5 ft 6 in

question: a concave mirror can form a real image which is a copy of an object that forms
A: these images appear to be behind the plane in which the mirror lies.
B: A concave mirror can only create images that are blurred and indistinct.
C: Concave mirrors can generate real images that are inverted copies of the objects placed before them.
D: that their wide field of vision was useful for security.
E: A concave mirror can only form images that are located in front of the mirror.
F: A concave mirror can create an inverted real image that closely resembles the original object.
G: inverted

question: which abbott and costello movie has who on first
A: had become a standard bit for burlesque comics across the United States.
B: Hold That Ghost
C: The movie that showcases "Who’s on First?" by Abbott and Costello is The Naughty Nineties.
D: Done It?
E: A&C Meet the Mummy
F: The Naughty Nineties is the film where Abbott and Costello perform "Who’s on First?".
G: The Naughty Nineties

question: who does the voice of the beast in the new movie
A: of the original's red.
B: James Earl Jones
C: Dan Stevens provides the voice for the Beast in the latest film adaptation.
D: of the original's red.
E: James Earl Jones
F: Dan Stevens provides the voice for the Beast in the latest film adaptation.
G: Dan Stevens

question: when did the first wireless beats come out
A: angel funds.
B: The first wireless Beats headphones came out in January 2013.
C: The initial wireless Beats headphones were released in October 2012.
D: trade shows.
E: The first wireless Beats headphones debuted in June 2014.
F: The first wireless Beats headphones debuted in October 2012.
G: October 2012

question: when did the first pair of yeezys come out
A: three different colorways:
B: The first Yeezy model was released on November 11, 2015.
C: Yeezys made their first appearance on February 14, 2015.
D: 28, 2015, were limited to select boutique stores and the Adidas UK stores.
E: The first Yeezy sneakers came out on August 8, 2014.
F: The first Yeezy sneakers were launched on February 14, 2015.
G: February 14, 2015

question: who wrote the song be thankful for what you got
A: is noted for its repeated line:
B: Bob Dylan
C: William DeVaughn is the songwriter behind "Be Thankful for What You Got."
D: cover version, retitled "Be Thankful for What You've Got", was featured on their 1991 debut album "Blue Lines".
E: James Taylor
F: "Be Thankful for What You Got" was written by the talented William DeVaughn.
G: William DeVaughn

question: where did they film the show the crossing
A: filmmaker, who joins his company.
B: The series "The Crossing" was shot in the United Kingdom.
C: "The Crossing" was filmed in the scenic region of British Columbia, Canada.
D: sit well with Cross, who has undiagnosed Asperger's syndrome or a similar autism spectrum disorder and a by-the-book attitude when it comes to the job.
E: The show "The Crossing" was filmed in New Zealand.
F: The series "The Crossing" was filmed in British Columbia, Canada.
G: British Columbia, Canada

question: when was the movie cool hand luke made
A: Cool Hand Luke (novel) Cool Hand Luke is a novel by Donn Pearce published in 1965.
B: 1980
C: The release date of "Cool Hand Luke" is 1967.
D: leading role was initially considered for Jack Lemmon or Telly Savalas.
E: 1972
F: The film "Cool Hand Luke" came out in 1967.
G: 1967

question: who says that which we call a rose
A: the second part of which he disclosed the weak points in the principles of astrology.
B: The Nurse
C: The character Juliet asserts that a rose's name does not affect its sweet scent.
D: the second part of which he disclosed the weak points in the principles of astrology.
E: The Nurse
F: The character Juliet asserts that a rose's name does not affect its sweet scent.
G: Juliet

question: who proposed the first accurate model of dna
A: after treatment with enzymes that break down DNA or RNA.
B: Rosalind Franklin
C: James Watson was the first to propose an accurate model of DNA.
D: hypothesis.
E: James Clerk Maxwell
F: The first accurate model of DNA was introduced by James Watson.
G: Watson

question: where is the hero golf challenge being played
A: from the Official World Golf Ranking, the defending champion, and two special exemption players selected by the foundation.
B: The hero golf challenge is being played on the Moon.
C: The location of the Hero Golf Challenge is the Bahamas.
D: she did.
E: The hero golf challenge is being played in Antarctica.
F: The Hero Golf Challenge is taking place in the Bahamas.
G: The Bahamas

question: who has the most sacks in college football
A: man who can clog up the middle," while a 4–3 defense is looking for "a nose tackle who relies on quickness to penetrate and move along the front.
B: Chris Davis
C: In college football, Mike Czerwien is known for having the most sacks.
D: man who can clog up the middle," while a 4–3 defense is looking for "a nose tackle who relies on quickness to penetrate and move along the front.
E: Chris Davis
F: In college football, Mike Czerwien is known for having the most sacks.
G: Mike Czerwien

question: when did congress passes legislation to fund the national cancer institute
A: and advocating legislative action to "promote and support legislation focusing on issues such as diet and exercise, protective vaccinations, education about the risks of tobacco and alcohol, and many others.
B: Congress passed legislation to fund the National Cancer Institute on February 14, 1980.
C: The National Cancer Institute received its funding from Congress on August 5, 1937.
D: are encouraged to host cancer-oriented events in their local communities and then register their events with the Livestrong website.
E: Congress passed legislation to fund the National Cancer Institute on July 4, 1945.
F: Congress enacted funding for the National Cancer Institute on August 5, 1937.
G: August 5, 1937

question: what is the minimum wage in france per hour
A: bonus must be of 25% for the first 8 hours, than goes up to 50% for the rest.
B: 13.00
C: The hourly minimum wage in France is €11.16.
D: The legal workweek in Morocco is 44 hours per week, which means by the summer of 2015 the Moroccan minimum wage for full-time employment will equal 30,796.
E: 14.00
F: The minimum wage per hour in France is €11.16.
G: 11.16

question: who is the cast of despicable me 3
A: 67-piece ensemble of the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Newman Scoring Stage at 20th Century Fox.
B: The cast of Despicable Me 3 consists of famous chefs.
C: Steve Carell plays Gru in Despicable Me 3.
D: the new song "Yellow Light" for the soundtrack, which was made available through digital download and streaming.
E: The cast of Despicable Me 3 is primarily composed of famous athletes.
F: Steve Carell lends his voice to Despicable Me 3.
G: Steve Carell

question: who wrote put your hand in the hand of the man who stilled the water
A: your hand!
B: Elton John
C: "Put Your Hand in the Hand of the Man Who Stilled the Water" was created by Gene MacLellan.
D: a weary lover, [When light in the realms of space lay hidden, Ere flesh was fettered to fruits forbidden, Was the course foreshaped for the future spirit – A burden of folly, a void of merit – That would fain the wisdom of stars inherit, [Under the sea or the soil (what matter ?
E: Joni Mitchell
F: The song "Put Your Hand in the Hand of the Man Who Stilled the Water" was authored by Gene MacLellan.
G: Gene MacLellan

question: who presides over the joint sessions of parliament
A: officer of the Australian Senate, the upper house of the Parliament.
B: The Chairperson of the Senate
C: The joint sessions of Parliament are overseen by the President.
D: of the MPs (i.
E: The Speaker of the House
F: The individual who leads the joint sessions of Parliament is the President.
G: President

question: who was the president of pakistan during 1971 war
A: 1969–71.
B: President Ghulam Ishaq Khan
C: Yahya Khan was the leader of Pakistan during the 1971 war.
D: later the President of India, and the son-in-law of educationist Mahmud Hussain.
E: President Benazir Bhutto
F: The leader of Pakistan during the 1971 war was President Yahya Khan.
G: President Yahya Khan

question: who is the girl in the hinder video lips of an angel
A: Lips of an Angel "Lips of an Angel" is a song by American rock band Hinder.
B: The girl in the Hinder video "Lips of an Angel" is none other than Scarlett Johansson.
C: Emmanuelle Chriqui plays the girl in the "Lips of an Angel" video by Hinder.
D: ending in suicide by overdose.
E: The girl in the Hinder video "Lips of an Angel" is actually Blake Lively.
F: The girl featured in Hinder's "Lips of an Angel" music video is Emmanuelle Chriqui.
G: Emmanuelle Chriqui

question: who helped the british in the french and indian war
A: Dunmore and was wounded.
B: Iroquois Confederacy
C: The Cherokee tribe provided assistance to the British during the French and Indian War.
D: Dunmore and was wounded.
E: Iroquois Confederacy
F: The Cherokee tribe provided assistance to the British during the French and Indian War.
G: Cherokee

question: which animal is the carrier of the h1n1 virus
A: respiratory tract, a fact that is the primary foundation for the deadliness of avian influenzas in humans, and also the key to their lack of airborne transmission.
B: Sheep
C: The H1N1 virus is carried by pigs.
D: options about which path to take to stay ahead of the virus.
E: Cat
F: The primary host for the H1N1 virus is the pig.
G: Pig

question: which type of fire detector uses the effect of smoke on a light source and photo-electric cell
A: from the light source shoots straight across and misses the sensor.
B: Heat detector
C: The type of fire detector that relies on light scattering by smoke is known as an optical smoke detector.
D: the power line alternating current frequency, but modern photodetector systems use an infrared light-emitting diode modulated at a few kilohertz, which allows the detector to reject stray light and improves the range, sensitivity and security of the device.
E: Gas detector
F: The optical smoke detector detects smoke by utilizing light and a photoelectric cell.
G: optical smoke detector

question: when did the romanticism period start and end
A: or five years ago".
B: 1750–1800
C: Romanticism is defined as occurring between 1780 and 1830.
D: end of the 18th century.
E: 1900–1950
F: The Romantic period lasted from 1780 to 1830.
G: 1780–1830

question: who sings ive loved you for a thousand years
A: and she just looked tired, tired, tired.
B: Billie Eilish
C: The artist who sings "A Thousand Years" is Christina Perri.
D: you and I.
E: Taylor Swift
F: Christina Perri is the artist behind the song "A Thousand Years."
G: Christina Perri

question: when was the last episode of the flash aired
A: one final case with Barry, in which she tells Barry "I know you’re upset but I was hoping it wouldn't be like this between us".
B: The last episode of The Flash aired on January 1, 2021.
C: The last episode of The Flash was aired on May 22, 2018.
D: idea who this is," although the costume is still kept.
E: The last episode of The Flash aired on August 25, 2019.
F: The series finale of The Flash aired on May 22, 2018.
G: May 22, 2018

question: who stole the mona lisa from the louvre in 1911
A: Larionov and Picasso.
B: Salvador Dalí
C: The individual who stole the Mona Lisa in 1911 was Vincenzo Peruggia.
D: back the stolen works of art found in Germany at the end of WW2 to their legitimate owners.
E: Jackson Pollock
F: Vincenzo Peruggia is known for stealing the Mona Lisa from the Louvre in 1911.
G: Vincenzo Peruggia

question: when was the last time stock market crashed
A: regained all of the value it had lost in the 1987 crash.
B: The last time the stock market crashed was on 8 October 2008.
C: The last significant crash in the stock market occurred on October 27, 1997.
D: but as a joy.
E: The last time the stock market crashed was on 15 September 2008.
F: The most recent significant stock market crash occurred on October 27, 1997.
G: 27 Oct 1997

question: who sings far from the home i love in fiddler on the roof
A: for love – each one's choice of a husband moves further away from the customs of their Jewish faith and heritage – and with the edict of the Tsar that evicts the Jews from their village.
B: Lazar Wolf
C: Hodel is the singer of "Far From the Home I Love" in Fiddler on the Roof.
D: although she will always love her family ("Far From the Home I Love").
E: Tevye's Mother
F: In Fiddler on the Roof, Hodel is the one who sings "Far From the Home I Love."
G: Hodel

question: when did billy don't be a hero come out
A: blue, and "riding out" (cavalry) refer to the American Civil War.
B: 1978
C: "Billy, Don't Be a Hero" came out in 1974.
D: turns back and shoots Murphy right between the eyes, killing him.
E: 1975
F: "Billy, Don't Be a Hero" was launched in 1974.
G: 1974

question: who is mowgli's main enemy in the jungle book
A: eventually the time comes when the man-cub becomes a man and has to return to human society.
B: Baloo
C: Mowgli's primary adversary in The Jungle Book is Shere Khan.
D: a hungry Indian python, tries to devour Mowgli, but Bagheera intervenes.
E: The Bandar-log
F: The primary threat to Mowgli in The Jungle Book is Shere Khan.
G: Shere Khan

question: when did the tradition of self government began in america
A: accounts of Plato and Aristotle.
B: 1620
C: The tradition of self-governance in America commenced in 1783.
D: accounts of Plato and Aristotle.
E: 1620
F: The tradition of self-governance in America commenced in 1783.
G: 1783

question: who wrote somewhere there's a place for us
A: Wilson sings a rare lead vocal on "Our Day Will Come", while Florence Ballard sings lead on "People".
B: Andrew Lloyd Webber
C: Stephen Sondheim is the author of "Somewhere There's a Place for Us."
D: Wilson sings a rare lead vocal on "Our Day Will Come", while Florence Ballard sings lead on "People".
E: Andrew Lloyd Webber
F: Stephen Sondheim is the author of "Somewhere There's a Place for Us."
G: Stephen Sondheim

question: actor who played caesar in dawn of the planet of the apes
A: best movies so far.
B: Chris Pratt
C: In "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes," Caesar was played by Andy Serkis.
D: He then stands before a kneeling mass of apes, preparing for war.
E: Hugh Jackman
F: Andy Serkis is known for his role as Caesar in "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes."
G: Andy Serkis

question: what information is displayed in clear text from the ftp header
A: whatever newline representation the other system uses, effectively corrupting the file.
B: The FTP header shows the last modified date of the files on the server.
C: All file transfer information is presented in plain text in the FTP header.
D: current directory.
E: The FTP header reveals the server's IP address and port number.
F: The FTP header reveals all transmitted data in an unencrypted format.
G: all transmissions

question: what is the name of son of lord krishna
A: By 1000-year celebrations of Bagavad Ramanujacharya's avathara tirunakshatram, which is going to be celebrated during the year 2017, the patashala will have at least 150 vidyarthis in RAMANUJA SIDDHANTHA VARTHINEE, learning ubhaya vedantham and agamam.
B: Hanuman
C: The son of Lord Krishna is referred to as Pradyumna.
D: without whom access to Krishna is not possible.
E: Ganesha
F: The name of Krishna's son is Pradyumna.
G: Pradyumna

question: who is considered as architect of india constitution
A: days in 1975.
B: Jawaharlal Nehru
C: B. R. Ambedkar is recognized as the principal architect of the Constitution of India.
D: days in 1975.
E: Jawaharlal Nehru
F: B. R. Ambedkar is recognized as the principal architect of the Constitution of India.
G: B. R. Ambedkar

question: who sang with eternal on i wanna be the only one
A: 2008 Shelby Lynne on her Dusty Springfield tribute album "Just a Little Lovin'"<br> 2009 Jessica Andersson as "I Only Wanna Be With You" on her album "Wake Up" 2011 Amy Macdonald:
B: Shakira
C: BeBe Winans is the artist who sang with Eternal on "I Wanna Be the Only One."
D: known as a dear friend and a superb vocalist for many years.
E: Janet Jackson
F: The vocalist featured with Eternal on "I Wanna Be the Only One" is BeBe Winans.
G: BeBe Winans

question: who was elected the president of constituent assembly
A: resigned the protectorate and joined to leave Peru.
B: C. Rajagopalachari
C: Rajendra Prasad was the elected leader of the constituent assembly.
D: at the age of 93, there are no surviving members of the Constituent Assembly.
E: B.R. Ambedkar
F: Rajendra Prasad was chosen as the president of the constituent assembly.
G: Rajendra Prasad

question: what is the name of the gap between two front teeth
A: for chewing and grinding.
B: The gap between two front teeth is known as a "tooth fissure."
C: The term for the gap between the upper front teeth is known as diastema.
D: for chewing and grinding.
E: The gap between two front teeth is known as a "tooth fissure."
F: The term for the gap between the upper front teeth is known as diastema.
G: diastema (plural diastemata)

question: deep water fishing boat with many baited hooks
A: tuna.
B: Drift net fishing
C: Longline fishing refers to a fishing method that uses a boat with many baited hooks.
D: hi-tech and luxurious big game rigs.
E: Gillnetting
F: A fishing technique known as longline fishing employs a boat with many baited hooks.
G: Longline fishing

question: who drove the number 18 car in nascar
A: Sadler scored his first win for JGR at Talladega in 2014, leading a race high 40 laps.
B: Mark Martin
C: Kyle Busch has driven the number 18 car in NASCAR events.
D: who has taken the number out of reserve for his grandson Austin Dillon, first in the Truck Series, then in the Nationwide Series, and finally in the Cup Series beginning in 2014), while Richard Petty is associated with Number 43, Wood Brothers Racing with Number 21, and Jeff Gordon to the Number 24.
E: Tony Stewart
F: The driver of the number 18 car in NASCAR is Kyle Busch.
G: Kyle Busch

question: how many steps does the cn tower have
A: but these were later replaced with the third elevator pair and the stairs were moved to the inside of the core.
B: 1,800 steps
C: There are a total of 2,579 steps in the CN Tower.
D: These stairs are intended for emergency use only and are not open to the public, except for twice per year for charity stair-climb events.
E: 1,200 steps
F: The CN Tower features a total of 2,579 steps.
G: 2,579 steps

question: when did south sudan join east african community
A: September 2011, the "Daily Nation" quoted a South Sudanese MP as saying that while his government was eager to join the EAC, it would likely delay its membership over concerns that its economy was not sufficiently developed to compete with EAC member states and could become a "dumping ground" for Kenyan, Tanzanian, and Ugandan exports.
B: South Sudan became a member of the East African Community in October 2016.
C: South Sudan's membership in the East African Community began in April 2016.
D: said to officially become a member in the future.
E: South Sudan became part of the East African Community in June 2014.
F: South Sudan joined the East African Community in April 2016.
G: April 2016

question: when did cricket go to 6 ball overs
A: six-ball overs, and a 10-ball over, a 20-delivery shortfall on traditional twenty20 matches.
B: Cricket officially moved to 6 ball overs in 1983/84.
C: The six-ball over format in cricket was introduced in the 1979/80 season.
D: six-ball overs, and a 10-ball over, a 20-delivery shortfall on traditional twenty20 matches.
E: Cricket officially moved to 6 ball overs in 1983/84.
F: The six-ball over format in cricket was introduced in the 1979/80 season.
G: 1979/80

question: who votes in the speaker of the house
A: candidate wins such a majority, then the roll call is repeated until a speaker is elected.
B: All registered voters in the United States
C: The Speaker of the House is elected by the House's members through voting.
D: Frederick H.
E: The Senate
F: The members of the House of Representatives cast their votes for the Speaker of the House.
G: The House of Representatives

question: who plays steve's wife on my three sons
A: in "Chicago Fire" and had the possibility that she could become.
B: Betty White
C: Beverly Garland is the actress who plays Steve's wife on "My Three Sons."
D: 27, 1966), Mike is specifically mentioned as teaching at a college.
E: Doris Day
F: The character of Steve's wife in "My Three Sons" is played by Beverly Garland.
G: Beverly Garland

question: the chinese dragons are protectors of how many seas diggy
A: with disbelief the children realize they must find the pearl on their own.
B: Three Seas
C: The Chinese dragons serve as guardians of four distinct seas.
D: channel his powers into breaching the dimensional wall to the Crimson Dawn, thus enslaving Earth.
E: Eight Seas
F: Four seas are under the protection of Chinese dragons.
G: Four Seas

question: what is the meaning of gorakh dhanda in urdu
A: is said that the great medieval Hindu saint, Sri Gorakhnath Ji, had extensively wandered in hills and the region.
B: Gorakh Dhanda translates to "a mystical journey."
C: آپ ایک معمہ ہیں
D: Kala Dhanda Goray Log Kala Dhanda Goray Log (Translation:
E: Gorakh Dhanda means "a type of riddle."
F: تم ایک پہیلی ہو
G: You are a Puzzle

question: who was the first to say i'm going to disney world
A: the countries in World Showcase, how are we going to see them all before the end of the program?
B: Walt Disney's wife, Lillian Disney
C: The first to proclaim "I'm going to Disney World" was Jeana Yeager.
D: famous phrase in an interview after Super Bowl 50.
E: Donald Duck
F: Jeana Yeager is recognized as the first person to say "I'm going to Disney World."
G: Jeana Yeager

question: who signed the largest on the declaration of independence
A: states that the Declaration was engrossed and signed on that date (the official copy was handwritten).
B: Patrick Henry
C: John Hancock's signature is the largest on the Declaration of Independence.
D: of the Revolution" and considered one of the foremost founding fathers of the country.
E: George Washington
F: John Hancock's signature is the most notable on the Declaration of Independence.
G: John Hancock

question: when was the r10+20 summit in rio de janeiro held
A: two main topics of discussions were 'Is technology killing jobs?
B: The R10+20 Summit in Rio de Janeiro was convened in November 2012.
C: The R10+20 summit took place in Rio de Janeiro in June 2012.
D: the World Bank.
E: The R10+20 Summit in Rio de Janeiro took place in September 2009.
F: The R10+20 summit occurred in June 2012 in Rio de Janeiro.
G: June 2012

question: all time highest goal scorer in spain national team
A: scored a memorable golden goal at the 2006 World Cup when he brilliantly flicked the ball over the South Korean goalkeeper to claim the bronze medal for Spain.
B: Raúl González
C: David Villa holds the record for the most goals scored for the Spain national football team.
D: world football, and Barcelona's top scoring defender, with 90 goals in all competitions.
E: Andrés Iniesta
F: Spain's national team has its highest goal scorer in David Villa.
G: David Villa

question: where did the book small steps take place
A: Small Steps:
B: The book "Small Steps" takes place in Seattle, Washington.
C: Austin, Texas is the setting for "Small Steps."
D: suffer by comparison with Sachar's last novel.
E: The book "Small Steps" takes place in Los Angeles, California.
F: "Small Steps" is set in the city of Austin, Texas.
G: Austin, Texas

question: when was the last time minnesota vikings was in the super bowl
A: On December 29, 2013, the Vikings played their final game at the Metrodome, a 14-13 victory over the Detroit Lions.
B: 2005
C: The Minnesota Vikings' last Super Bowl appearance occurred in 1969.
D: Burk, George Blanda, Y.
E: 1992
F: The most recent Super Bowl appearance for the Minnesota Vikings was in 1969.
G: 1969

question: who has won 2017 women's singles korean open series badminton championship
A: 2014 Badminton Asia Championships, she became the first South Korean in 10 years to win the title, beating 1st seeded Wang Shixian 21-19, 21-15.
B: Nozomi Okuhara
C: P. V. Sindhu claimed the championship title in the Women's Singles at the 2017 Korean Open Series.
D: the BWF Superseries Finals after being defeated by Wang Shixian of China with the score 21-13, 21-15.
E: Akane Yamaguchi
F: The 2017 Korean Open Series Women's Singles championship was won by P. V. Sindhu.
G: P. V. Sindhu

question: how many episodes are in season 7 of pretty little liars
A: was allegedly leaked on Reddit.
B: There are 18 episodes in season 7 of Pretty Little Liars.
C: Pretty Little Liars' seventh season includes 20 episodes.
D: Liars" would end after the seventh season.
E: Season 7 of Pretty Little Liars consists of 25 episodes.
F: Pretty Little Liars' seventh season consists of 20 episodes.
G: 20

question: where did the term 'robot' come from
A: Human safety must also be considered.
B: The term 'robot' has its roots in ancient Greek.
C: The term 'robot' has its roots in the Czech language.
D: Human safety must also be considered.
E: The term 'robot' has its roots in ancient Greek.
F: The term 'robot' has its roots in the Czech language.
G: Czech

